Tim Sackton: So we pick up in
Tim Sackton: the fey realm of Ember wine. Oh, and before we start I don't remember from the end of last session who ate the pie?
Tim Sackton: I know Seeker did.
David S. Kong: Oh, I definitely ate pie.
David (he/him): Don't think Welby did.
Mike Sackton: OS didn't.
Kate Sackton: No, it was.
Mike Sackton: But I think everybody who ate the pie is gonna have, like a bonus on their their ability to interact.
David (he/him): I think so too. I think. Like I think I went about that entirely the opposite way from what we should have last time.
Kate Sackton: When in Feyland, do what the fae do.
Tim Sackton: So we start as you find yourself walking.
Tim Sackton: almost dancing, following the whistle of the small flute that Auntie Mulberry gave you.
Tim Sackton: heading south towards Sunwine Hall, where
Tim Sackton: the Lord Sovin, the master of rebels and ruler of Emberwine, holds his never-ending fey rebel.
Tim Sackton: From Aunty Mulberry you learned that there is potentially a refugee from Amber Glow.
Tim Sackton: who has been hanging around Lord Sylvan's court for a while, which is
Tim Sackton: potentially your primary motivation for traveling in this direction as you walk.
Tim Sackton: Your feet, your footsteps light your
Tim Sackton: the sort of passage, easy as you're almost drawn to the distant sounds of music and dance that seem to be traveling an impossibly long distance across the rolling fields and vineyards of
Tim Sackton: of ember wine.
Tim Sackton: It's hard to say quite how much time has passed.
Tim Sackton: You don't feel tired. You don't feel particularly hungry.
Tim Sackton: You have no idea how far you've traveled, whether
Tim Sackton: it's been 12 h or 24 or longer
Tim Sackton: on the material plane. It's not been weeks. The phase of the moon, according to Welby's necklace, hasn't changed
Tim Sackton: dramatically, but whether it's been 6 h or
Tim Sackton: 3 days is hard to say.
David S. Kong: Bye.
Tim Sackton: But you feel light on your feet as you as you travel, and
Tim Sackton: Lady Eventide, currently possessing seeker
Tim Sackton: is talking and babbling a little bit telling you about Lord Sovin. Oh, he
Tim Sackton: he came. He danced with me at the Cloud Palace once, long ago, quite a striking man.
Tim Sackton: tall and handsome and an excellent dancer, cheerful, always full of
Tim Sackton: joy and music when he came.
Tim Sackton: Oh, he probably remembers me
Tim Sackton: sort of babbling along in this in this vein getting you feel a little more comfortable with
Tim Sackton: being in the Feywilds in this
Tim Sackton: vibrant place that is alive in the way that Amberglow is not, and as you travel again your.
Tim Sackton: the landscape passing quickly
Tim Sackton: behind you, you begin to approach. Actually, I've got a better begin to approach.
Tim Sackton: you see from a distance, as you begin to approach through a field of
Tim Sackton: of vines coming up over a small rise of a hill, where you can now see
Tim Sackton: an open air feast before you. No, no big, you know.
Tim Sackton: tents or structures does one large stone hall that's just, you know, a roof, but doesn't seem to have walls.
Tim Sackton: That that's like a big, open, almost open air court.
Tim Sackton: The vines dangling everywhere. Lights lit up, catching the golden sunlight of late, of the perpetual late afternoon.
Tim Sackton: Passing through the occasional grove of trees that
Tim Sackton: both seem to shelter and enclose this court of the Sunwine Hall.
Tim Sackton: and also somehow seemed to amplify the echoes of the music
Tim Sackton: as you pass through the trees to reach this hill crest that looks down over this open feast you can hear
Tim Sackton: snippets of song almost creeping through the trees.
Tim Sackton: bouncing and echoing in strange ways.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: here you are. Nobody seems to have noticed you immediately. As you look down on this piece, people seem to be coming and going freely. Nobody is keeping much track of the attendees.
Mike Sackton: It's just.
Tim Sackton: What what would you like to do.
Mike Sackton: Is there like a obvious
Mike Sackton: poster like Herald? Or why.
Tim Sackton: But so there's this big stone pavilion, which has like vines growing on the roof, and sort of
Tim Sackton: very big, probably hundreds of feet across, a big open dance floor in the middle. And this seems to be what like, you know, people are sort of drifting in and out of that almost certainly, where
Tim Sackton: the master of the rebels sort of
Tim Sackton: hosts his court. But nobody is really.
Tim Sackton: There's nobody announcing people. There's nobody like tracking
Tim Sackton: comings and goings like, you see, you know, a
Tim Sackton: you know, a few random people kind of sneaking off into the woods with a jug of wine, and
Tim Sackton: you know it doesn't seem to be particularly organized in the sense. There's no.
Mike Sackton: Right
Kate Sackton: Still seems appropriate to ask his leave to join his beast.
Mike Sackton: 8.
Kate Sackton: So entreat.
Mike Sackton: yeah, I mean, I think.
Mike Sackton: make our way towards the simpling.
David (he/him): So and go and like, join the party for a little bit.
David (he/him): But yeah, let's get the lay of the Land of the 1,000,000,001.st
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean, let's.
Mike Sackton: Walk. Yeah. Walk towards the party, the edge, the edge of the edge of the party, and just like, Is there food tables? Is there drink? Are there people singing like
Mike Sackton: just sort of vibe on the edge of the party for a few minutes, and and
Mike Sackton: see if anybody says anything to us.
David (he/him): I think, with this, too, like so I think my background feature that maybe I've never used before is like easily pick up social customs of going to new places.
David (he/him): So I think that's like,
David (he/him): Welby's like really tune into that. I think, after the
David (he/him): after the previous encounter, like, he's much more focused on. What's the right thing to do here like, what's the what's the appropriate sort of rules of of engagement in the party kind of thing.
David (he/him): How do you talk, and how do you move? And is there a flow to it? Even if it looks chaotic? What's the pattern to the place?
Tim Sackton: Go ahead and make a
Tim Sackton: as you're sort of glancing over
Tim Sackton: perception check. But but subtract 3. Use your charisma instead of your wisdom. Modifier.
David (he/him): Yes.
David (he/him): Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So d 20 plus 10.
David (he/him): And at least a welcome.
Tim Sackton: You can just roll in D and D beyond, I think.
David (he/him): Yes.
David (he/him): it's funny I haven't ever actually done that before.
David (he/him): Stand by for just a sec here. I'm almost there
David (he/him): 26.
Tim Sackton: So there is a flow that you notice as you as you guys, as the party begins to walk down towards the center.
Tim Sackton: yeah. Lady eventide has gotten a bit shy now, actually approaching the thought of like talking to actual Faye in a giant party. She's kind of hiding back trying to like hide the fact that she's, you know, bleached white. She's occupying the body of a dwarf who's bleached white
Tim Sackton: or desaturated. I should say
Tim Sackton: there is a bit of a flow in the sense that you see that there's a sort of
Tim Sackton: there's a kind of current that's pulling people into this sort of dance hall. Gradually everybody seems to
Tim Sackton: circle around. Get food. There's like a band set up and playing you know, there's people dancing and singing and drinking and eating outside, but they're
Tim Sackton: gravitational pull of the party seems to be.
Tim Sackton: generally speaking, drawing everybody into this big
Tim Sackton: stone, this huge stone pavilion. It's got a relatively low roof, but it's very large, and it's got stone columns that are open to the air, but vines growing on the roof that drip down like laden with like
Tim Sackton: grapevines, even though, you know, growing sort of down and ripe fruit sort of dripping along the sides. Everything was sort of
Tim Sackton: circulating through this this main hall.
Tim Sackton: There's tables with food, but mostly there's a variety of faye.
Tim Sackton: some satyrs, some of those like rabbit-like fae that
Tim Sackton: Auntie Mulberry was some just kind of elegantly dressed, almost elfin creatures circling with, you know, food and and wine, and
Tim Sackton: it seems to be a lot of it's like a pretty.
Tim Sackton: There seems to be a bit of an organization to it, right where there's clearly people who are like bring, you know, refreshing people's drinks, bringing
Tim Sackton: food to the tables.
Tim Sackton: and everybody gradually that makes their way at some point or another through the night into the great hall.
David (he/him): We'll follow the flow and head in.
Tim Sackton: So as you, as you sort of reach the edge of the
Tim Sackton: of the of the party, you can see. I mean, you're clearly people are looking at you. You're drawing attention.
Tim Sackton: It's probably been a very long time since there's been
Tim Sackton: halflings, dwarves, and humans and even elves here, you know people. There's people.
Tim Sackton: you know you can. You can tell right here. Most of you are observant enough. People are glancing your way. Nobody is, you know.
Tim Sackton: Nobody looks suspicious or anything. They're just sort of curious, and there's like
Tim Sackton: ripples of gossip going to the party pretty soon after you sort of step into the edge of the party, a an elegantly dressed man, wearing like a suit like a golden suit.
Tim Sackton: with like sort of burnished copper skin and white hair tied back into a short ponytail.
Tim Sackton: carrying a tray laden with jam and bread and honey.
Tim Sackton: drifts past and looks at you, and sort of gives you a bow.
Tim Sackton: Welcome, welcome to the rebels!
Tim Sackton: Please enjoy the food, enjoy the drink. He waves to a table nearby, where there's
Tim Sackton: jugs of wine set out big, actually, like big punch bowls of wine.
Tim Sackton: Enjoy enjoy yourself! All are welcome. You're
Tim Sackton: presence honors us. It has been some time since glancing at the 4 of you.
Tim Sackton: We have seen quite a
Tim Sackton: unusual group of mortals in our realm. Welcome, welcome! And he's sort of passing around the food.
Tim Sackton: I assume people are taking the food.
Kate Sackton: Yeah. Food. Smiling.
Tim Sackton: As you sort of find yourself.
Tim Sackton: Kind of pulled into the party.
Tim Sackton: You can see there's people dancing. The the sort of
Tim Sackton: flow of the crowds kind of opens up a little as you as you start to walk, as if you know everybody's kind of making space for you in this current like obviously expecting.
Tim Sackton: you know, strange guests, strange people!
Tim Sackton: unusual. There's there's some satchers in the corner kind of laughing, looking at you. That occasionally, you know.
Tim Sackton: I don't know. Are you? Are you
Tim Sackton: sort of going with the How are you sort of approaching? Are you moving purposely? You're like following this current clearly in order to get somewhere. Are you trying to dance? Are you.
David (he/him): I feel like we're
David (he/him): at least well, because I'm more intentionally just trying to dance and follow the flow like
David (he/him): there's a current there not to move against it or across it, but to move with it in a way that takes us where we want to go.
Kate Sackton: This one is following Welby because he seems to be fitting in.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, that was kind of in that same following the flow a little bit, but also maybe oh, just a little bit outside of this
Mike Sackton: like he's not really dancing. He's kind of
Mike Sackton: looking around a little bit more.
Mike Sackton: not biting the flow, or anything but a little bit, not part of the
Mike Sackton: I mean he samples. He's not like.
Mike Sackton: I will have none best
Mike Sackton: right like, if food comes by, he'll sample it. Things like that, but not not like fully engaged with the party.
Mike Sackton: and the way that maybe Welby is.
David S. Kong: Tim, Penzel, just, you know, doing a little bit of soul sighting slash like vibe reading like.
David S. Kong: what's going on here is this like, are we like getting set up for some? You know, we're gonna get like harvested for organs? Or is this like a genuine celebration that we're you know what I mean, like, what's what's the energy here is like, is it? Is it?
David S. Kong: Is it authentic?
Tim Sackton: Make a make a insight check.
David S. Kong: Can you? Can somebody roll a d. 20 for me? Sorry I don't have the things on open.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, somebody doing it. I can do it if nobody else is.
David S. Kong: Yeah, you can do it. You can do it, Mike.
Mike Sackton: And where's the little dice thing on.
Tim Sackton: Bottom, left corner.
Mike Sackton: No, it's far away.
Mike Sackton: I don't know if I can do it, but they're all to 7.
David S. Kong: You rolled a 7.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: You're fired.
Tim Sackton: Not an insight. So that's a.
Mike Sackton: Cool.
Tim Sackton: It's not terrible.
Tim Sackton: I mean the vibe is.
Tim Sackton: It's not, you know. This isn't like, you know the the
Tim Sackton: the witch and Hansel and Gretel right like it's not. It's the vibe's definitely not like there's a
Tim Sackton: you know. You're being led into the maw of some monster that's gonna throw you in the oven and bake you or anything. This isn't putrid, Agnes, or something like that.
Tim Sackton: Okay, okay, that's good, you know. There's maybe an undercurrent of sort of not exactly a a
Tim Sackton: how to phrase it. So yeah, there's like a bit of an undercurrent. That's kind of
Tim Sackton: you know. The the the rebel is all there is, and
Tim Sackton: some people there's a sort of vibe of like, you know.
Tim Sackton: We just keep partying because we have to, because it's better than facing the alternative.
David S. Kong: So it's like a lot of like collective avoidance going on, or is it sort of like.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it's kind of like that, right? It's like
Tim Sackton: there's not. I mean, it's not. It's subtle, right? I mean, there's, you know, the people are
Tim Sackton: the auras that you sense, like. Most people, are happier, you know.
Tim Sackton: Joyful are sort of smiling like, especially like, you know, people who are sort of dancing and singing and things like that.
Tim Sackton: but there's certainly an undercurrent of sort of if we just if we just celebrate enough.
Tim Sackton: we'll forget all the bad things.
David S. Kong: Interesting.
David S. Kong: Thank you.
David (he/him): Harrison, 1939. Kind of vibes.
Tim Sackton: Not. It's not quite, you know. Paris night. It's not that. It's not
Tim Sackton: on that like edge of the brink of disaster, right? But
Tim Sackton: a little bit of that undercurrent.
David S. Kong: I was gonna say, charting 3rd time
David S. Kong: chart in whatever whatever the year is right now.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: Chart of 3 months ago.
Tim Sackton: Chart in 1,749.
Tim Sackton: So you know, over the some amount of time IT.
Tim Sackton: Again, it's really hard to tell
Tim Sackton: how much time has passed, because
Tim Sackton: the sun doesn't change in the sky.
Tim Sackton: You don't really seem to be getting tired, although if you
Tim Sackton: wanted to, you probably could sleep.
Tim Sackton: You certainly see people occasionally, like, you know, drifting off into the woods, and you can actually see that sort of a little ways away, you know, a bit outside of the party. There's, you know, a few people have set up hammocks
Tim Sackton: between some trees and are clearly napping. So it's not like people don't sleep, but it's just
Tim Sackton: the, you know. It's hard to tell how much time has passed. As you slowly kind of drift into this
Tim Sackton: this great hall
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: so when you kind of find yourself stepping into this hall? You can see a few things first.st
Tim Sackton: There's a a
Tim Sackton: many people. There's a big dance floor in the middle of this hall, and while there's people who are kind of joyfully leaping through the party outside.
Tim Sackton: you know there's a there's a band of Satyas playing. There's like people who are not quite courtly. Dance right? It's not so
Tim Sackton: sedate as that. But you know clearly there's like a dance happening here. At the far end of the hall. There's a you see, what must be Lord Sovin.
Tim Sackton: 7 foot tall man with
Tim Sackton: antlers, human face, human body, but antlers growing from its head, which are laden with vines, that kind of drip down off of them, and ribbons that kind of come down off of it, red ribbons that come down off his antlers, and kind of
Tim Sackton: in constant motion, sort of dancing around him. But other than that, he's not wearing that much. He's got an open vest where bare chest, and then he's wearing sort of a skirt.
Tim Sackton: Again, a sort of red red and greens kind of vine wine sort of motifs.
Tim Sackton: tapping moving lightly with the rhythm. You can see he's actually got hooks for feet.
Tim Sackton: I mean, he's not the the sort of blowing, billowing sort of
Tim Sackton: trouser like skirt only goes down to his like mid calves, and you can see light sort of golden fur.
Tim Sackton: not lead into golden hooves, and he's sort of smiling in.
Tim Sackton: you know, going around, you know, touching people, dancing a little bit, smiling sort of greeting. People he knows obviously looks over at you as you enter, notices you, but doesn't make any effort to approach. Just kind of waiting to see what you do.
Kate Sackton: This was the lord of that we knew this was a noteworthy person in general, or that we knew this was the guy from the other part of the Fae? Or did you say this is a guy, the lord of the rebels.
Tim Sackton: The lord of the rebels.
Kate Sackton: Okay. I thought you said it was load. So good.
Tim Sackton: His name, Lord, so let me know.
Kate Sackton: Story, the guy we think we know the refugee guy.
Tim Sackton: I do. You know his name?
Mike Sackton: Don't know anything about him other than that he exists.
Kate Sackton: Oh, I thought, what's her name? Knew what his name was. Okay. I was just confused.
David S. Kong: Quick, quick, Meta game for a moment. Can. Can you all just remind me like, where? What is our purpose here like? What is our what is our overall goal in this this moment?
Kate Sackton: We want to bring the Cloud spinner to her kingdom and restore her.
Mike Sackton: We need to find the well of.
Tim Sackton: The prism. Well.
Mike Sackton: The prism. Well, I was, gonna say, well, of tears, but I knew that wasn't right.
Mike Sackton: Need to find the prism well, which we believe, is some hidden location in the Feywild which will allow us to break Cloud Spinner's prison, break her free from her prison.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Mike Sackton: We don't know where the prism well is. People don't seem to know like the people we've asked have never heard of it.
Mike Sackton: that.
Mike Sackton: And so that leaves us a little bit at scratching our heads. Okay. So our next strategy was, well, let's let's see if we can find some allies.
Mike Sackton: Let's see if we can find some people who would, you know.
Mike Sackton: help us find the prism? Well.
David S. Kong: Does Cloud Spinner have like a like a colloquial name? Or is that like their name Pottsburg?
David S. Kong: Actually, people who don't know Cloud Spinner? This is like, what's what's what's Cloud Spinner's relationship with everybody here like, are they friends, enemies.
David S. Kong: not even unrelated?
David S. Kong: Do we know.
Mike Sackton: I think all we know, Tim, correct me if I'm wrong. But all we know is that Cloud Spinner
Mike Sackton: was the ruler of Amberglow until she was captured by captured and imprisoned by a polyon.
Mike Sackton: Because.
Mike Sackton: I we guess, something to do with the cloak of rainbows he wanted. She made the cloak of rainbows.
David S. Kong: It? Yeah.
Mike Sackton: He wanted it from her, and or wanted her to tell him how to make another or whatever. Somehow
Mike Sackton: they had a falling out over Apollyon's desire for the cloak of rainbows which resulted in her being imprisoned.
David S. Kong: Right. And she now currently is.
Mike Sackton: In Welby's necklace, in the portable hole around Welby's neck, inside this crystal prism.
Mike Sackton: And so right? Right? Right? Okay. And we have no idea how to release her out of that.
Mike Sackton: Well, we think if we take her to the prison well, that something magical will happen.
Kate Sackton: Because it was her source.
Mike Sackton: The the prison wow presumably will unfree her will free her from her prison
Mike Sackton: prison, her prison prison right, and we don't know what any of these people think about her, I mean, she was like a very powerful, fey ruler, right? So she was ruling the kingdom to the north of here, right.
David S. Kong: No, so not not this, not this.
Mike Sackton: Not this kingdom? No, no, no! Her kingdom.
David (he/him): Which kingdom are we in right now.
Tim Sackton: Emberwine.
Mike Sackton: Ember wine.
David (he/him): Number one.
Mike Sackton: So the amber glow which is north of here bow into disrepair.
David S. Kong: Ember wine or amber wine.
Tim Sackton: Ember.
David S. Kong: EMBE, r.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Back.
Mike Sackton: But but as best we can tell our whole man, people might not want her back. The
Mike Sackton: but what's what's her name? The rabbit fey last time, basically slapped us around the head and said, You guys are idiots. If you think if you have a way to restore Cloud Spitter, of course, every single fey around here would think that is great, because it turns out some sort of nasty evil thing. From
Mike Sackton: what was it? Shadow in wend and hollow and wend.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Every. Everybody's terrorized by these nasty things that almost killed us, coming from hollow and wind which are coming through because Cloud Spinner, who's super powerful is not around to say, no, you can't pour through my kingdom and cause trouble.
Mike Sackton: Right? So so our theory now is that heroin went. That's it, heroin went. Our theory now is that really anybody who thought there might be reasons to be somewhat circumspect about Cloud Spinner, because
Mike Sackton: the more people who know. The more likely it is a spy for heroin when would find out, or whatever. But we also think that probably we should be pretty upfront about, hey? We're trying to restore Cloud Spinner. Can you help us find the prison? Well, if we're talking to the right people, because people might not be like. Sure. I know where it is. Take 3 lefts and jump in
Mike Sackton: barrel of wine, but we don't think we think everybody would be pro this move, and so
Mike Sackton: here we presumably want to talk to Lord Sarah.
Kate Sackton: Coven.
David (he/him): Open.
Mike Sackton: Lord Sovin, who's the ward right? And then also this mysterious refugee from Amberglow.
Mike Sackton: ideally, in some relatively private situation.
Mike Sackton: because we're still presumably a little bit concerned about spies, because
Mike Sackton: we've had this problem where everybody seems to find out that she was free and come to try and kill us. Right? So I mean.
Mike Sackton: some paranoia is probably not insane, but we should just ask them right? I think our goal here is to take these people aside and be like, hey? So you know that Amberglade place? Well, we'd like to bring Cloud Spinner back, and we need to find the prism well, to do it. Any ideas.
Tim Sackton: Just adding 2 details that you might have forgotten from 2 sessions ago. The way that everybody tracks the cloud spinner is these amber lights
Tim Sackton: right, which were fragments of the cloud spinner's power power that she gave to allies.
Tim Sackton: According to Lyrian, who was killed by heroine Wenz attack. You know that minions.
Tim Sackton: many of them were captured by the enemies of Cloud Spinner.
Tim Sackton: As these various, like hideouts and refuges.
Tim Sackton: fell apart, she, as far as she knew, was the only one who escaped Red Sun Keith.
Tim Sackton: Red Sun watch when it fell
Tim Sackton: with one of these amber lights, but there were many others that were all presumably lost. So the greatest danger is that any
Tim Sackton: any minion of
Tim Sackton: Harrow and Wend, who has one of these, managed to capture an amber light, will always know exactly where cloud strip is.
Mike Sackton: Now, do we know if we don't actually know if that works through dimensions, though right.
David (he/him): We do, though big? Well.
Mike Sackton: Was out.
David (he/him): She was out. That's right.
Tim Sackton: You. You don't, but it's probably not. It's probably risky to assume it doesn't.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: But the other thing is that the minions of hero and wind attacked in the night.
Tim Sackton: and one of their main things they did when they attacked was try to.
Mike Sackton: Eat white.
Tim Sackton: Eat all of the light.
Tim Sackton: So while it is, of course, possible that Heroin Wen could have spies of some kind
Tim Sackton: as long as you're in.
David (he/him): Late afternoon.
Tim Sackton: You're relatively safe from there, like.
David (he/him): You know, big, bad attackers.
Mike Sackton: Right, I would be less concerned about being attacked and more concerned that
Mike Sackton: some spy would find out that we're seeking the prism. Well, and then a giant
Mike Sackton: ambush be waiting for us at the prison, well, right.
Mike Sackton: or something, or maybe they know how to destroy it, you know, right.
Mike Sackton: But again. I think we were probably too circumspect to Welby's Point.
Mike Sackton: I think our paranoia was a little bit too extreme last time, and I don't think we should be hesitant to
Mike Sackton: say what we're doing. We just might. I'm just saying we probably shouldn't, you know, stand on the roof of the stone pavilion and shout out to the crowd, we are here to free Cloud Spinner, who wants to help us.
Kate Sackton: Recruiting, now.
Mike Sackton: Although actually, honestly.
Kate Sackton: It deserves Irving.
Mike Sackton: Having said, that is it actually a terrible idea.
Mike Sackton: But I think I think we want to try and talk to the try and like, drift into the orbit of more important person first, st and introduce ourselves.
David (he/him): Yeah, let's do that. Let's try.
Tim Sackton: So you find yourself drifting through this beast hall.
Tim Sackton: you know, dancing, moving to the music a little bit, but inevitably and slowly make your way towards Lord Stoven, and when you get within, you know, when you get like sort of halfway across the hall, or something when you're obviously sort of slowly making your way in his direction. He turns and he looks over at you.
Tim Sackton: and he sort of nods and gives a little bow, and as he does, like the ribbons stream back, and you can. You can almost hear the sound of flutes coming from his. The antlers and the ribbons that are streaming out, you know, off of his off of his head, and he sort of nods his head and smiles at you, and and sort of beckons you forward, and the sort of space opens up around in front of him
Tim Sackton: as you approach. You know he smiles, and he greets you.
Tim Sackton: You as when you're near him you can. You can hear the sort of there's like a faint melody that's coming off of his body somehow, and he he reaches for you and gives a bow. He's powering over all of you.
Tim Sackton: This is where it's
Tim Sackton: this is. Lord, you know. He'll sort of put his hand on your shoulder, and sort of greet you all in turn, mentioning, you know, welcome, welcome, strange travelers from a distant land.
Tim Sackton: I am pleased to see you at my party. The revel is for all, and mortal travelers have been rare of late.
Tim Sackton: What say you of the celebration.
Mike Sackton: It is a fine celebration, although many things weigh on our minds.
Tim Sackton: He kind of smiles for a moment, and says.
Tim Sackton: Yes, oh, the lord of a mortal! Come, dance, forget your troubles for a while. The bloom of the vine, the rush of the strings. Let them take your mind off, let them ease your pain. Your burdens will still be here when you are ready to take them up again.
Mike Sackton: Doa sort of bows to that, and says something like that is a gracious offer. Sort of looks around like trying to glance at everybody else to see if anybody else is like, Yeah, I want to, just, you know, get fucked up tonight and then move on with life tomorrow.
Mike Sackton: keeping in mind. If there is no night or end at this particular place, there's no tomorrow
Mike Sackton: but if nobody like jumps out to interrupt, we'll say something like.
Kate Sackton: How about? But the music is so vibrant! We feel energized already.
Mike Sackton: Now.
Kate Sackton: Picnics.
Mike Sackton: Deal with was going with something like our burdens are. Although, honestly, do we? Do we have any sense of time pressure? It actually doesn't matter. We're just so used to time pressure. See?
Mike Sackton: Let's say, wild talking to you. That's it.
Mike Sackton: we are. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: delegate will say something like talk a little bit about how our burdens are urgent and
Mike Sackton: sort of I mean, presumably there's a lot of people milling.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Although I mean, you know, people are curious. People are standing around like holding their drinks, kind of watching you, but also not
Tim Sackton: interrupting right like. Clearly he gestured, for you to come over, and nobody is sort of trying to impose
Tim Sackton: conversation at the moment.
Mike Sackton: you know, Delta, say something about our burdens, or urgent, you know, complement some of the food specifically based on what I sampled. That was particularly good, you know. It's a good party, right like do not, but but and close with some. You know
Mike Sackton: the burdens, the the things that brought us here. The burden that brings us here might be of
Mike Sackton: quite some interest to you.
Tim Sackton: Of well, Nibbles.
Tim Sackton: Hello!
David (he/him): Apologetically and half jokingly, nodding towards Dell with so much time traveling with mortals has
David (he/him): given him a sense of urgency. I'm afraid.
Tim Sackton: Well, he kind of smiles a little bit, and and and sort of grabs.
Tim Sackton: you know, deal with by the hand, and does a little twirl.
Tim Sackton: The dance is a great time to speak.
Tim Sackton: Come, tell me of your burdens.
Tim Sackton: What are these troubles that will not let you rest.
Mike Sackton: Is he like trying to go on a dance like somewhere, dance with them? Share
Mike Sackton: does it feel like there's I mean, it feels like relatively.
Mike Sackton: I'll glance around right like. Presumably there's no eavesdroppers.
Tim Sackton: It's not even that. There's no eavesdroppers when you're near him you can't. The conversation far away, kind of fades, and all you really hear is the music that seems to be
Tim Sackton: blowing off of him, which somehow perfectly harmoniously blends with what the
Tim Sackton: the the satyr band is playing. But sort of, adds another layer of sort of harmony and rhythm on top of it.
Tim Sackton: and as you're dancing like you get the feeling that nobody could hear what you said.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: I will tell him.
Mike Sackton: I'll tell him.
Mike Sackton: It helps you know of. I'll start by asking, you know of cloud spinners, imprisonment.
Tim Sackton: He kind of frowns
Tim Sackton: briefly, and there's a slight discordant note in the song like the this melody that's layered on top of the of the Satyrs song. This the sort of complex harmonies just break for a moment.
Tim Sackton: And he he kind of looks down at you.
Tim Sackton: shakes it, just gives a brief nod, but look sort of almost wounded like.
Tim Sackton: just in a glance. Sort of he's like not interrupting you. He's letting you go on. He gives a brief nod. But you can tell he's sort of why are you bringing up such painful topics?
Mike Sackton: We come. So then I'll tell him again. This is slightly paraphrased. Don't would tell us like.
Tim Sackton: Doc.
Mike Sackton: But we come from killing a Polyon, the Wech, who was instrumental in her imprisonment and
Mike Sackton: as part of our quest to defeat him, and I'll sort of divert on a little bit of an aside like you know. The reason you don't get so many mortal visitors is like it's a wasteland out there right like you know. You should look at, you know, some other places like, you know, it's
Kate Sackton: Yeah, I mean for people.
Mike Sackton: But I'll then explain that we found Cloud Spitter imprisoned
Mike Sackton: in our quest. You know, as part of our quest to kill Polyon. We found her imprisoned
Mike Sackton: you know, and and but her prison was multifaceted, and the last layer
Mike Sackton: a prism, a crystal of some kind that she is trapped within.
Mike Sackton: We do not know how to break.
Mike Sackton: We've come to the Feywild seeking knowledge and allies
Mike Sackton: who might be able to help us but break such.
Mike Sackton: What is the blood of our enemies?
Tim Sackton: Don was as good at this stuff. You tell it better than Mike.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
David (he/him): You're doing fine.
Mike Sackton: We murdered. So okay, we murdered a dragon, right? You know we had to. We had to crowd a potentially treasure crazed, possibly not
Mike Sackton: smart, you know.
Mike Sackton: dragon at the king of a walking island. Blah blah, anyway, devils won't go into all the details, but enough to sort of
Mike Sackton: tell a good story. And how did we find out the prism? Well.
Tim Sackton: Marianne.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Buffet.
Mike Sackton: And we were up.
Mike Sackton: That was, we'll finish that. The story was something like we were unsure of our next move
Mike Sackton: when heroine Wend forced her hand.
Mike Sackton: and their minions appeared on our flying castle like kind of a cool flying castle. Double, you know. You'd like it right? You could have a good party there. We threw a party there once, not as good as this party, but it was not a bad party going a little diversion about our party at Dolan. Right?
Mike Sackton: But
Mike Sackton: The Arminians appeared on our ship, chasing Lyrian, the bearer of one of the the amber amber whites
Mike Sackton: I'll get, I'll get it right. Eventually. The bearer of one of the ambroids who told us to seek the prism. Well.
Tim Sackton: So as you're telling this story when you mention
Tim Sackton: that you found the cloud spinner like, he actually briefly stumbles and looks almost more odd than shocked.
Tim Sackton: Right? Like I mean surprised. Yes, of course, but also somewhat reassessing his initial assumption about
Tim Sackton: who you are and what you're capable of.
Tim Sackton: And then, you know, as you finish the story, he he actually for a moment
Tim Sackton: stops dancing, and you can see the you know the ribbons kind of swirling around both of you now.
Tim Sackton: and he looks down at Darwyth and
Tim Sackton: I.
Tim Sackton: I am taken. I am shocked and awed by your story.
Tim Sackton: None of us ever thought the Cloud Spinner could return.
Tim Sackton: He doesn't know where the prison well is. And he, you know, he spends some time talking about sort of
Tim Sackton: don't.
Tim Sackton: The Cloud spinners, you know, was always the one who, you know, brought
Tim Sackton: held the sun right like he was. He's clearly he was sort of taken with her right like.
Tim Sackton: you know, he. The only time he ever really left Emberwine was to visit the Cloud Spinners Court.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: And he talks about her flying Castle.
Tim Sackton: which he's sure was much better than your flying castle. But he says that in a very nice sort of joking sort of friendly way so clearly is not trying to insult you.
Mike Sackton: Our castle was built by a storm giant. It's not a shabby thing, anyway. Yes, continue.
Tim Sackton: And so he says that what he ends up communicating is, you know he doesn't.
Tim Sackton: He doesn't know where the prism well is.
Tim Sackton: But
Tim Sackton: he tells you a few sort of key pieces of information. One there is a place in Everlight's bloom
Tim Sackton: called the Shrouded Archive, where every secret ever spoken in the Feywild is recorded.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so surely.
Tim Sackton: This would have a record of the prison. Well.
Tim Sackton: he also tells you.
Tim Sackton: about 2 member, 2 people who hang out at court.
Tim Sackton: One is Count Vashan.
Tim Sackton: who calls himself the Broken Mask, who, he says.
Tim Sackton: fled from Cloud Spinner's Court when the Cloud Palace clashed.
Tim Sackton: The other person he tells you about. Is Arendel.
Tim Sackton: a duelist who he says he's
Tim Sackton: you know. He's dueled half the realms he's
Tim Sackton: cross Blades with many in a friendly way. There's no lethal fighting at my party.
Tim Sackton: With, you know. Back in the day, long ago,
Tim Sackton: crossed cross blades with many of the captains of the clad spinners keeps
Tim Sackton: red Sun watch night's edge keep.
Tim Sackton: Maybe he remembers something from those conversations I don't know.
Tim Sackton: And then he also says,
Tim Sackton: There are not many who would leave my
Tim Sackton: who would leave the party, for you know the party
Tim Sackton: we come to the party to dance and to enjoy
Tim Sackton: are the revel in our time.
Tim Sackton: But if you're looking for a guide, and you.
Tim Sackton: you know, says I, would not recommend attempting to find the shrouded archive on your own.
Tim Sackton: If you're looking for a guide.
Tim Sackton: if you ask around, there are always
Tim Sackton: hangers on who would be willing to travel
Tim Sackton: so if you choose to seek the shrouded archive.
Tim Sackton: You need not speak of your true quest.
Tim Sackton: Many, none, few, who seek the shrouded archive
Tim Sackton: are open about the reasons why they do.
Mike Sackton: Would you advise caution?
Mike Sackton: And speaking of our true quest.
Tim Sackton: He kind of bows, and he starts dancing again, and the music starts up and he smiles.
Tim Sackton: and then he sort of goes.
Tim Sackton: you know, sort of deadly serious for a moment, and he says.
Tim Sackton: Well, the inhabitants of Emberwine are good people, and I would not be.
Tim Sackton: This is a friendly land, but I cannot vouch for every person who attends my party.
Mike Sackton: Should we?
Mike Sackton: We have encountered the minions of Heroin wend?
Mike Sackton: Are there others we should fear.
Mike Sackton: who might wish Cloud Spinner to not be restored.
Tim Sackton: Arrow and wend were always the cloud spinner's biggest enemies. But since her disappearance the one who has benefited the most is the gleamshaper who has sought to claim many of the kingdoms that once
Tim Sackton: pledged allegiance to the cloud spinner on our northern borders.
Tim Sackton: I do not think that he would.
Tim Sackton: He has gotten wind of
Tim Sackton: the cloud spinners return. I do not think he will let it pass without a fight.
Tim Sackton: The minions of heroine wind the dangerous ones, anyway, can only travel in darkness. The same cannot be said of the gloom. Shapers, dust hounds.
Mike Sackton: I appreciate your advice and candor. I think.
Tim Sackton: Will not cross my borders. However.
Mike Sackton: I think we will avail ourselves of your generous hospitality and buying food and song, and
Mike Sackton: perhaps speak with the
Mike Sackton: I've forgotten their names, but you gotta put the names in chat, as you say that, Tim. That's super useful. I have a little chat window, I'm like, oh, it's not in your list.
Kate Sackton: The unmasked lord, or the half masked lord, or something.
Mike Sackton: the broken mask, perhaps, and there was the door was the other one right?
Mike Sackton: And Aaron Dell.
Tim Sackton: Arendel.
Mike Sackton: Perhaps perhaps we will also sort of bow like. We will speak again before we leave.
Tim Sackton: As you do. He sort of swings over and grabs Rizon by the hand and pulls her on the dance floor. Looking down at this dwarf puzzled.
Tim Sackton: You are quite the impossible conundrum, my dear dwarf, you carry with you a fragment of the beginning. How can this be.
Kate Sackton: No.
Kate Sackton: in seeking to prevent powers in our world from being dangerous to the many we have encountered, some powers
Kate Sackton: that we hope to only for good.
Tim Sackton: Be careful with this thing.
Kate Sackton: Thank you.
Tim Sackton: It is stronger even than many of the fey lords
Tim Sackton: and those who used it unwisely.
Tim Sackton: Wow!
Tim Sackton: There is much danger that can come from such things.
Kate Sackton: I hear the profound truth in your words.
Tim Sackton: You seem only loosely connected to it.
Tim Sackton: It's not yet shaped itself to your will.
Tim Sackton: You must learn to control it fully before it controls you.
Kate Sackton: Will be vary of that possibility.
Tim Sackton: Me sort of spins off
Tim Sackton: instantly, going from like serious and concerned to smiling and happy as he dances with Riswyn, for you know the rest of the song, and then bows to you all
Tim Sackton: as
Tim Sackton: Eric's had extended bedtime trouble, but he's hopefully joining soon.
Tim Sackton: Back to you all looking over it at the now faintly blushing
Tim Sackton: yet desaturated dwarf, who has not been willing to introduce him herself to
Tim Sackton: Lord Sovin. Afraid that he will think less of her, remembering her as she was, and as she is now, and but gives a sort of graceful bow, and says, Enjoy, eat, drink, be merry, dance, sing.
Tim Sackton: even though your burdens may demand. You follow your own path.
Tim Sackton: Don't forget to enjoy the dance.
Tim Sackton: and he sort of dances off, leaving you to
Tim Sackton: find your way to whoever you'd like to find your way to.
Mike Sackton: I don't know if
Mike Sackton: people have things I mean I can jump in if if but I'm trying to not hug the spotlight.
Kate Sackton: Classic party mingling like anybody know so and so I've heard an excellent
Kate Sackton: conversationalist, slash duelist, slash interesting person to meet.
David (he/him): Yeah, like, I think that's sort of where Obi's at. It's just wandering around for a minute looking for interesting
David (he/him): people and creatures. And yeah, if there's anything particularly striking.
Mike Sackton: The the duelist is supposedly fights with weapons, with swords, sword, a sword.
Tim Sackton: Supposedly. Yeah, that's what you heard.
Mike Sackton: Dylan's going to sort of wander around.
Mike Sackton: but but a little bit of storytelling on his part, too. Right like, you know, we killed a demon and a devil, and a dragon, and another dragon, and a 3rd dragon.
Kate Sackton: There might have been like words drawn.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, but but a little, a little self-deprecating, right? Like, not like bragging too much, but like definitely, you know, telling some
Mike Sackton: some stories. You know.
Mike Sackton: throw in the bit where a Pollyan just killed him with a word that was kind of rough.
Tim Sackton: What are Kenzo? And rising, doing?
Mike Sackton: The goal being to try and attract the attention of the duelist trying to get into like, hey? Also listening for stories of this guy right?
David S. Kong: What's the what's the vibe of like the plant pipe situation out here
David S. Kong: like? Is there? Is there a nature to speak of.
Tim Sackton: Nothing, not really anything, I mean, not exactly nature.
Tim Sackton: There's lots of plant life, but it's all agricultural.
Tim Sackton: almost exclusively agricultural, like. There's vines growing everywhere, but they're all laden with fruit.
Tim Sackton: There's there's trees, but they seem to mostly be fruit trees.
Tim Sackton: I mean. Some of them are, you know, twisting crab apple trees or big branches spread
Tim Sackton: and small fruits. But there's not a lot of
Tim Sackton: there's not a lot of like wilderness.
Tim Sackton: There's not even that many flowers right? Everything seems to be in fruit. Everything's bearing seed seed. There's there's relatively, you don't. Actually, you don't really see flowers on the
Tim Sackton: table settings. There's just big piles of rapes and things.
David S. Kong: Kenzel's feeling a little antisocial.
David S. Kong: So he's gonna go up on the side. But he he actually is gonna do like a commune with nature, but, like you know, do his like large scale, like, you know, extend out as far as he can.
David S. Kong: just to feel like what is going on out here. And you know, because again, you know, if our ultimate goal is this prism? Well, right?
David S. Kong: Yeah, he's just. He's just kind of standing outwards as far as he can out, and just feel for any weird
David S. Kong: like anomalies like any like kind of weird points out there. That's as extensively throughout.
David S. Kong: I'll just out in every direction.
Tim Sackton: What's Rosyn doing.
Kate Sackton: I think, being friendly and dancing and talking to people about.
Kate Sackton: You know what a nice party it is, and
Kate Sackton: you know, have they traveled about the Feywild, and do they know people from other kingdoms? And Nope.
Tim Sackton: So my sense is that you're all kind of splitting up. So I'm going to bounce around a little bit among different people in the party.
Tim Sackton: starting with Kenzo, as you sort of drift to the edge of the party, you know. Maybe sort of hanging out a little bit near the musicians. There's a there's a
Tim Sackton: there's multiple bands scattered around. There's the main sort of dance hall band. But then there's you know, several.
Tim Sackton: you know across just outside, like where the sort of feast hall is, and everything.
Tim Sackton: now, where the tables are spread outside, there's more
Tim Sackton: bands, and you sort of drift to the edge of the of the of the clearing.
Tim Sackton: Which seems to
Tim Sackton: it seems to extend like every time you sort of come around a corner like there's another opening where there's more
Tim Sackton: tables and more people, and like you'll be sort of walking around a little bit, and there's be a big sort of hedge arch, and then you go through, and there's a whole another sort of clearing. It seems like almost you can just walk like it's hard to get to the edge of the party. Exactly.
Tim Sackton: but you you find you find a band, and you know, sort of on the edge of where people are socializing anyway, and and concentrate and sort of reach out your sense.
Tim Sackton: you've never done this in the Feywild before, and
Tim Sackton: you know normally, when you sort of commune with nature, you get a sense of like the sort of plants and animals that are there, you get a sense of, you know, kind of sort of how nature is feeling. Sort of vibe.
Tim Sackton: What you get here is just a riot of emotion.
Tim Sackton: It's like the vines are all sort of bursting with
Tim Sackton: pleasure, with sweetness, like they're.
Tim Sackton: There's an actual emotion coming out of the
Tim Sackton: plants like human emotion like, and they seem to be shifting and and
Tim Sackton: almost changing in response to the moods of the party. At the moment. The party seems to be pretty caught up in this
Tim Sackton: kind of sort of boisterous feeling like there is. Still, there's this like undercurrent, right of everybody's like trying to party a little bit too hard, but it's pretty subtle. And what you get from the plants is just this, almost like they're growing towards this feeling of celebration.
Tim Sackton: like the grapes on the vines are straining to be ripe
Tim Sackton: for people to eat, and the the
Tim Sackton: communing with nature gives you this.
Tim Sackton: You can almost taste
Tim Sackton: like the 1st bite of a sweet, ripe fruit you can taste like you can taste in the back of your throat like the smell of ripe peach.
Tim Sackton: and then not only just the smell. But then the memory or the anticipation of biting into a ripe peach. And just the further you go out, the more you sort of feel this.
Tim Sackton: It fades a little as you stretch your your consciousness out to like 30 miles, although, again, distance doesn't quite work the way you expect in the Feywild, and even from the plants you occasionally get this sort of whiff of like some of the fruit is like overripe. It's tried too hard. It's strained to ripen itself so much that it
Tim Sackton: goes past the point of perfection into sort of slight, you know. Sickly, sweet sort of rot, but not not in like a corruption sort of sense, as in a like, just trying too hard to be.
Tim Sackton: to be, to taste good, and overshooting the mark.
David S. Kong: As I extend outwards. Are there any like anomalies there any places where it's like? It's not like that.
Tim Sackton: No, I mean, you can sense the river.
Tim Sackton: The the Red River, the river of wine that you met the barge tenders on
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: but it's not so much an anomaly as it's just a bit of a different feeling like on the banks of the river. You it it's
Tim Sackton: the it's almost the plants themselves are sort of caught up in the sort of intoxication of the wine itself, and are sort of
Tim Sackton: tottering towards the edge of the river, swaying like you can sense the sort of the cattails on the edge of the river, swaying not in the breeze.
Tim Sackton: but from absorbing too much of the Feywine of the river itself.
David S. Kong: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: But it's not. You don't feel any anomalies that are. I mean, it's different. It's strange. It's not like anything you've ever sensed before, but there's nothing.
Tim Sackton: Everything seems of a kind.
David S. Kong: Yeah. Yeah.
David S. Kong: Alright cool. Yeah. Kenzel Kenzel will vibe. With that he's not in a party mood. He'll he'll sit and
David S. Kong: vibe with the party in the, in the vines.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So as Kenza is doing that, we cut over to Welby, who's kind of
Tim Sackton: walk around the party just seeing, looking for interesting characters. Basically.
David (he/him): Yeah.
David (he/him): And that's right.
David (he/him): like it's mostly that. But there's also a certain antenna tuned to like. Is there anyone here who doesn't quite belong
David (he/him): like, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, so okay, so and as you're sort of looking around, you see.
Tim Sackton: You do notice.
Tim Sackton: a. There's a there's a Satyar who's sort of sitting a little bit by himself. He's got a
Tim Sackton: you know. He's sort of lean, rakish. He's got curling wrap RAM's horns that are wrapped in gold rings like a half button silk shirt.
Tim Sackton: a. He's got a fiddle that he's sort of holding under his arm, and he's sort of sitting. He almost looks like he's pouting like you haven't seen anybody pouting at the party, so it catches your eye, and he seems to be sitting alone and not playing, and most
Tim Sackton: almost everybody else like, you see, almost nobody who's solitary. Everybody is in groups. Most people are like dancing or and
Tim Sackton: you know people lance over at him and sort of
Tim Sackton: knicker a little bit and sort of drift away.
Tim Sackton: Definitely stands out as like not quite typical vibe.
David (he/him): Yeah. Well, I'll I'll go over the student.
David (he/him): I introduce myself and ask why?
David (he/him): Why, no celebration for you? You're the 1st satyr I've met who isn't dancing.
Tim Sackton: He looks up at you.
Tim Sackton: Damn! Why do you have to ask that?
Tim Sackton: Well, I'm cursed.
Tim Sackton: Problem is everything I say has to be brutally and completely honest, and you would be surprised how often little white lies smooth over social graces like, for example, I could say, you look pretty out of place.
Tim Sackton: but, as myself I might have said, charming to meet a stranger in such a lovely party, but at the moment all I can really say is
Tim Sackton: Why did you come here?
Tim Sackton: And where did you come from?
Tim Sackton: And why are you bothering me?
Tim Sackton: But he says this with a smile on his, it's.
David (he/him): I've run into people with curses before, and found ways to remove them. How
David (he/him): how did you come to be cursed? It doesn't look like any of these people would do that to you. Maybe they would.
Tim Sackton: No, no, it's a long story, and honestly, I'm pretty sick of telling it. But if you insist.
Tim Sackton: I can't really say no so well.
Tim Sackton: it was a while ago I grew up here in Emberwine. It's a beautiful place, you can tell. Just looking around, you have to admit it's beautiful
Tim Sackton: not close to here, but not far from here.
Tim Sackton: You know everybody comes to the revel.
Tim Sackton: You can't live in Emberwine without enjoying the revel.
Tim Sackton: One time I came here.
Tim Sackton: And well, there was this woman.
Tim Sackton: Sara the Golden. She was beautiful, aloof, radiant. She wasn't. She wasn't from here. She was from everlights bloom. I don't think she should have ever left everlights bloom to be honest like. What was she doing here? I mean, she didn't fit in.
Tim Sackton: She walked through the world as if it was a story she was only half aware of. She danced, she liked to dance.
Tim Sackton: and she made these extravagant promises that never seemed to cost her anything, but
Tim Sackton: one shouldn't swear O's in the Fadewild one does not intend to keep, so
Tim Sackton: she swore that she would love forever her dance partner.
Tim Sackton: Everybody knew it wasn't true.
Tim Sackton: I don't know why I thought, I'm gonna step in. I think you know, I was arrogant.
Tim Sackton: Sure it was a challenge. Could I tell a story that would bend fate itself?
Tim Sackton: Maybe I felt sorry for her.
Tim Sackton: I didn't really do it for her. If I'm being honest, which I have to be honest, I really did it because I wanted to prove that I could twist Fate myself, you know, who wouldn't gambler who can
Tim Sackton: change reality with your stories, I mean. Come on! Isn't that the best thing you could tell of yourself and I
Tim Sackton: to be brutally honest? I did it.
Tim Sackton: I told a tale so compelling and strong
Tim Sackton: that reality shifted around it, and her oath was undone.
Tim Sackton: and I could never lie again. Damn it, why did I waste my time with that stupid lady?
Tim Sackton: Anyway?
Tim Sackton: That's what happened.
Tim Sackton: And now I'm cursed to be blunt.
David S. Kong: Ask me where the prism well is.
David (he/him): Yeah. What are you looking forward to?
Tim Sackton: The next cup of wine.
Tim Sackton: I don't know. Nothing really getting out of here.
Tim Sackton: Supposedly, if I do one selfless act, the curse will end. But
Tim Sackton: I tried that.
Tim Sackton: Letting a mortal win at cards didn't didn't work.
Tim Sackton: plus. It was tough, anyway, because everybody beats me at cards.
Tim Sackton: Can't bluff, can't cheat, can't lie.
Tim Sackton: damn! I used to be such a good gambler.
Tim Sackton: I gave somebody some wine once, but everybody gets wine here
Tim Sackton: sincerely complimenting somebody without tearing them down in the next sentence. So
Tim Sackton: that's actually pretty hard to do, and it didn't work.
Tim Sackton: So hmm!
Tim Sackton: I don't want to leave, because I'm afraid to wander around the Feywild in my current state.
Tim Sackton: I don't really want to stay because everybody's sick of me telling the truth about them.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you probably wouldn't like it if I stood here commenting on how actually you look pretty fat.
Tim Sackton: I don't have much bad to say about you, and I assume you know how to use that bell.
Tim Sackton: but you can have a better fashion sense. Let's be honest. I mean.
David (he/him): At that. My clothes shift to match exactly what he's wearing
David (he/him): better.
Tim Sackton: That's a good trick, but you're just copying my fashion sense. Let's be honest.
David (he/him): This is true, this.
Tim Sackton: Although it shows you have good sense.
Tim Sackton: Copy the bast.
David (he/him): Although if I'm being honest, I can't say I'm actually the best dressed here.
Tim Sackton: There are many others who have better fashion sense than me.
Tim Sackton: Don't even boast anymore.
David (he/him): Someone told me there was a do list here. Is there some doodle.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, Arendel, this is fine.
Tim Sackton: If you want to fight.
David (he/him): Not really, but like what he's just like a likes fighting kind of guy.
Tim Sackton: You know I've never really been able to have a conversation with him for more than like 10 min without getting bored.
Tim Sackton: so I can't tell you much about him.
David (he/him): Yeah, there. I also heard there's some refugee from Amberglow here.
Tim Sackton: Oh, the broken mask! Oh, he's a sad sack.
David (he/him): Yeah, where? Where is that dude?
Tim Sackton: He has always got his
Tim Sackton: wherever the strongest wine is. That's where you'll find him. Don't bother talking to him. All he does is bemoan his fate.
David (he/him): Is that not what you're doing this whole time.
Tim Sackton: It is what I'm doing, but.
David (he/him): If you had to be brutally honest.
Tim Sackton: I can't even say I'm being interesting about it, because I know that I'm not. Damn it!
David (he/him): What's what's gonna happen here when hero and wind roll through.
Tim Sackton: We'll all die.
David (he/him): Like, why why not prepare for? Why not do something about that now?
David (he/him): Why, just let that happen.
Tim Sackton: What these are questions that
Tim Sackton: I cannot answer, because what do I know of the doings of feylords? The whole neighborhood went to hell. When Cloud Spinner vanished.
David (he/him): In I mean.
Tim Sackton: If I'm being brutally honest, really, we just need her back.
Tim Sackton: But that's never gonna happen.
David S. Kong: Plays with his necklace.
David (he/him): Facing. Yeah.
David (he/him): How
David (he/him): One of the things I'm what he want to do is go back through her old realm.
David (he/him): Who here knows the ways around there
David (he/him): who can guide me in and through.
Tim Sackton: You think that would count as a selfless act.
David (he/him): Worth a shot.
David (he/him): Do you know the terrain? There.
Tim Sackton: I mean, if I'm being brutally honest, I've never been to Amberglow specifically, but.
David (he/him): And the lead.
Tim Sackton: I've been to Everlake's bloom.
Mike Sackton: Ask him about that.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Secrets, I know, like phase, and I'm not gonna lie to you or mislead you.
David (he/him): That's fair. Do you know where the
David (he/him): Where's the place where all the secrets of the whole Feywild are kept.
Tim Sackton: The strutted Archive.
David (he/him): Yeah, that's the one.
Tim Sackton: I bet I could find that.
David (he/him): Really, if you're being brutally honest.
Tim Sackton: It's the trick is not so much finding it.
Tim Sackton: It's figuring out how to pay the tax.
David (he/him): Say more. The tax.
Tim Sackton: I don't really know for sure. Everybody just says, you know, whines and complains about
Tim Sackton: the toll I had to pay for XY, and Z. It's always also boring like, why do you need a secret so much that you're gonna give up some.
Tim Sackton: whatever it is you have to give up. Nobody can ever say what they have to give up. It's like they can't tell what the payment was.
David (he/him): Hmm.
Tim Sackton: It never seemed worth it to me. I mean, most people are willing to just tell you their secrets if you get them drunk enough, and dance with them, and whisper in their ear.
David (he/him): What are your secrets?
Tim Sackton: Don't you think, like a thousand people have asked me that question? I've told you all my secrets. Do you want to know all the things I stole when I was a young lad. Would that make you happy?
David (he/him): No, that sounds tedious, actually.
Tim Sackton: It is very tedious.
Tim Sackton: Trust me, I've recited this list like a hundred times.
Tim Sackton: and everybody says, Oh, it's so great! But I can tell they're actually bored
Tim Sackton: wouldn't quest word out of their mind.
David (he/him): What question does nobody ever ask
David (he/him): a man compelled to tell the truth?
David (he/him): But they should. What's the question that you're waiting to be asked.
Tim Sackton: Nobody's ever asked me that.
David (he/him): Yeah, that seems like a cop out of an answer, though.
Tim Sackton: Well, I'm I'm not huge.
Tim Sackton: I have to think about that.
David (he/him): Hmm.
Tim Sackton: I mean, people ask me all sorts of things. I think I've gotten more like. Do you regret it? Well, yes, of course you know whatever happened to Yasara. Nobody knows. She went back to Everlights bloom and she hid away. Did she ever thank you? No. Could you have gotten away with it. Yes, if she'd been smarter about the whole thing.
Tim Sackton: I don't know that they tend to sort of obsess about
Tim Sackton: to highlight. Nobody ever asks like, well, what do you do all day.
David (he/him): Yeah.
Tim Sackton: To be honest, it's kind of boring.
Tim Sackton: Can't play any of their fun. Little games.
Tim Sackton: Dancing only takes you 1st apart. I'm a good musician.
Tim Sackton: Nobody wants to hear my music anymore. It's more fun to make me tell stupid boring stories
Tim Sackton: because I can't embellish them at all. Do you know how many stories are only good because they're embellished, like
Tim Sackton: all of them.
Tim Sackton: Well, to be brutally honest, nearly all of them. There are some stories that are good told straight.
Tim Sackton: But around here not that many.
Tim Sackton: most people don't actually lead very interesting lives since you mortals stopped coming through.
David (he/him): Want to hear an interesting story. That's all true.
Tim Sackton: I do?
David (he/him): And I'll I'll start to tell him the the story of stopping Emperor from becoming a god, and I think the the camera probably moves on to the next.
Tim Sackton: Yes, we will cut to Delhi, who over, you know, wandering around sort of talking a little, I mean, you're visibly well, no, you're not visibly carrying a sword, but you could be visibly carrying a sword if you wanted to be.
Mike Sackton: No, but I'm not.
Tim Sackton: Okay,
Mike Sackton: I do have a show swung up my back.
Tim Sackton: Right? You know
Tim Sackton: clearly at, you know, relatively quickly. Arendel, you know, kind of, you know. There's enough. You're sort of making enough enough sort of drawing attention to you.
Tim Sackton: within some time again. Hard to say how long? This sort of big, boisterous.
Tim Sackton: loud sort of Fay man, wearing a sort of
Tim Sackton: battered breastplate, broad shoulder, golden haired,
Tim Sackton: face is sort of weathered, but handsome.
Tim Sackton: sort of a ruddy glow to his cheeks as if he's had quite a bit of wine, wearing a dented breastplate sort of scuffed in places, but clearly polished, a slender silver sword
Tim Sackton: at his side, his, you know, wearing a cloak which seems slightly like
Tim Sackton: there's a little bit of wine spilled on it like he's sort of, you know not a clear
Tim Sackton: He's sort of larger than life, in a sense, and he and he sees you, and he looks, and he
Tim Sackton: carrying a glass of wine, and he he sort of grabs you around the shoulder, and he says
Tim Sackton: you've been telling stories a toast to your tails. It takes a step.
Tim Sackton: I guess you've been looking for me.
Tim Sackton: Host to new friends, takes another gulp of wine.
Mike Sackton: I hear.
Mike Sackton: What was it, Red? Keep?
Mike Sackton: The theory here was that he had been around some of these keeps it before Cloud spinner fall, and might have heard something right.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Mike Sackton: I hear you have led an interesting life
Mike Sackton: in many places, not just here.
Tim Sackton: His. His face sort of goes blank for a minute.
Tim Sackton: The most interesting tales are the fights here.
Tim Sackton: I've dueled all the best warriors who have come to Lord Sovin's court.
Tim Sackton: Fine bladesmen!
Tim Sackton: Artful thieves!
Tim Sackton: Even once a giant.
Mike Sackton: A giant.
Tim Sackton: Everybody tells their tail through the way they hold a blade.
Tim Sackton: Those who have.
Tim Sackton: He looks at you again, draws his sword a little bit.
Mike Sackton: I'll drop a little bit out of that.
Tim Sackton: He kind of gives you a bow interesting an elf
Tim Sackton: and Alvin blade an old elven blade that you fight with.
Tim Sackton: Hmm!
Tim Sackton: From long ago. Yes.
Mike Sackton: Yes, a serious blade.
Tim Sackton: Some of the best fighters do not carry serious blades, although fought many with quite a
Tim Sackton: serious weapon. That takes another drink. I must give a toast to worthy foes, to vanquished enemies. Although there are no enemies here.
Mike Sackton: Is it not repetitive to never fight an enemy.
Tim Sackton: No!
Tim Sackton: The best duels are between friends
Tim Sackton: not want to actually kill somebody.
Tim Sackton: Sounds horrible.
Mike Sackton: I've never actually fought a friend.
Tim Sackton: You're missing out! Come, draw your blade. We are friends.
Mike Sackton: Fine! I'll drop my blade.
Tim Sackton: A duel, then, for what? Stakes?
David S. Kong: Prism, well.
Mike Sackton: I seek
Mike Sackton: the
Mike Sackton: entertainment, the loser to entertain
Mike Sackton: the winner. For how do Faye like talk about time? Would you say like a day. Is that a meaningless thing.
Tim Sackton: No, it's just the length of a day is never really precise.
Tim Sackton: but they do sleep. There is like a sort of
Tim Sackton: rhythm, in a sense like people get tired, but a day in the Feywild might be 6 h, or it might be.
Tim Sackton: you know, 4 days in the material plane.
Tim Sackton: but there still is a concept of date they don't really have.
Tim Sackton: They don't really talk about time, as like.
Tim Sackton: you know, years like everybody's or many of the people you've met are sort of talking about
Tim Sackton: back when the Cloud Spitter left, which was a thousand years ago, 700 years ago.
Tim Sackton: but not talking about it as necessarily super ancient history. There's the definitely sense of like. There's a fair bit of stasis where.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: There's no sense of seasons or years passing but days. Yes, people talk about this.
Mike Sackton: So saying, like the loser, to entertain the
Mike Sackton: the winner with stories on request
Mike Sackton: for one day isn't like setting myself up for like 300 years. That's a.
Tim Sackton: Exactly.
Mike Sackton: Reasonable. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: That's reason. Yes.
Tim Sackton: Bold request, a full day of stories.
Tim Sackton: I'm fear I may run out of tails. Should I lose to you? I hope you've lived an interesting life, for I rarely lose.
Mike Sackton: I don't know if you would enjoy my stories, but they are interesting.
Tim Sackton: Oh, I enjoy all stories.
Tim Sackton: I once dueled a woman who had fled from darkness
Tim Sackton: and told a tale of woe and the rending of
Tim Sackton: the Sunset Gate. It's a terrible story, full of
Tim Sackton: fear and horror, and the silence that creeps up on you in the middle of the night.
Tim Sackton: But a great tale, nonetheless.
Tim Sackton: do not like to kill, but that does not mean I don't enjoy hearing of those who do.
Mike Sackton: Well, then, you'll forgive my question.
Mike Sackton: But what are the what are the rules of such a duel?
Tim Sackton: Oh, well,
Tim Sackton: To 1st blood
Tim Sackton: draws a sword, it shimmers with light.
Tim Sackton: This is a duel of skill, not magic.
Tim Sackton: none of your spell tricks here.
Tim Sackton: They will not work, anyway. He takes a big gulp of wine, for the longer you drink the fey wine, the more he holds up his hand and gives a flourish with his sword. You can cut through the weave of spells
Tim Sackton: that deceive and disappoint.
Mike Sackton: But what of spells that aid.
Tim Sackton: You wish to aid yourself with magic.
Tim Sackton: You fear to fight me, man to man.
Tim Sackton: He's saying this, but also like he has a big smile, like he's being pretty cheerful about it.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Well, let us say, then, one spell each.
Mike Sackton: Fair?
Mike Sackton: Does he mean one individual spell or one spell that you can cast as much as you want.
Mike Sackton: or did he not? Is it, unclear, and I could choose.
Tim Sackton: He is not clear.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, okay, you can probably get away with either.
Mike Sackton: Hmm, okay.
Tim Sackton: Come. He bangs his sword against his against his
Tim Sackton: against his cup and sort of his. You know people are, you know. Word is going around a duel, a duel! Arendel's gonna fight, the elf
Tim Sackton: sort of rippling through the the party, and we'll come back to that as we jump to Riswin, who has been sort of asking around for.
Tim Sackton: you know, travelers, people who like looking for people who aren't from around here right.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: And you're sort of walking through the party. You know, kind of, you know.
Tim Sackton: being polite and sort of asking people and and sort of
Tim Sackton: you know, drifting a little bit when
Tim Sackton: whether because somebody points around or you just notice
Tim Sackton: she looks different. You see a woman sort of standing a little bit
Tim Sackton: apart, and sort of the rumors around her people.
Mike Sackton: People talking about her? Oh, that's it's Mara Gleamwater.
Tim Sackton: Which is a fey realm to the West. It's mentioned in in Ulfgar Frostbeard's book War of the Feywild oh, if you're looking for a traveler. Oh, she, you know she came not too long ago, and has been curious about
Tim Sackton: she's she's a bit of a strange one
Tim Sackton: rumors drifting around. She's sort of standing there she is. She's tall, maybe 6 feet tall. sort of silvery hair and sort of dark tan, light brown skin.
Tim Sackton: wearing this very elegant dress, but carrying this like satchel slung over shoulder, that you can see there's like ink pens and ink, files and books and things. Notes you. You haven't seen very many. You've seen hardly any books. There's no books at the party or anything
Tim Sackton: and she's she's listening, but she's got a book in her hand.
Tim Sackton: You can't tell whether she's reading or writing, but she's like, you know, flipping the pages, and occasionally she'll sort of wave her hand over the page.
Kate Sackton: Well, I'm intrigued to see
Kate Sackton: somebody with a book in their hand at a party, so I walk up and say, I hope I'm not disturbing your studies.
Tim Sackton: She looks sort of up and down.
Tim Sackton: She sort of closes the book with a snap.
Tim Sackton: A novelty!
Tim Sackton: A dwarf in Emberwine, unheard of.
Tim Sackton: Tell me, where did you come from?
Tim Sackton: I must know.
Kate Sackton: There was a a tree in the desert wanted a space, and
Kate Sackton: music calling to us from its roots.
Kate Sackton: Seems the way it.
Tim Sackton: She opens her book. She sort of waves her fingers bitter wine, oak. Yes.
Tim Sackton: and people still come through that portal.
Tim Sackton: I thought it was in a wasteland.
Kate Sackton: It's in a wasteland. I said it was in the desert.
Kate Sackton: but we were in the wasteland.
Tim Sackton: Have traveled through a wasteland.
Tim Sackton: Ha!
Tim Sackton: Fascinating!
Tim Sackton: What possessed you to do such a strange thing?
Kate Sackton: Was not too much of a burden. We have a flying castle that we can voyage in to
Kate Sackton: all the parts of it.
Kate Sackton: Our realm.
Tim Sackton: A flying castle.
Tim Sackton: Fascinating you are! She looks again up and down at wisdom.
Tim Sackton: You are quite an unusual dwarf. I must say
Tim Sackton: I've met some of your kind.
Tim Sackton: None of them have flying castles, or
Tim Sackton: travel in such strange places. I would love, as she flips through her book to know your name.
Kate Sackton: My name is Brisbane.
Tim Sackton: Riswin from.
Kate Sackton: The Yvonti Mountain.
Tim Sackton: Fascinating, fascinating! I am Ismara of Gleamwater. It is a pleasure to meet you. And what
Tim Sackton: brings you to Emberwold?
Kate Sackton: I seek to learn more of this realm, and
Kate Sackton: hope that my friends and I can accomplish some good, as we try to do wherever we go.
Tim Sackton: Seek knowledge. A scholar, maybe.
Kate Sackton: I have known some very noble scholars, and don't
Kate Sackton: aspire to count myself among them, but I do have a curiosity.
Tim Sackton: Well, anyone who possesses curiosity is a scholar in my book.
Kate Sackton: That kind of you.
Tim Sackton: Fascinating, fascinating it has been. She flips through the pages of her book many years, as you count time in the mortal realm, since travelers of your kind have passed through Emberwide. This.
Tim Sackton: This is worth recording. Did you come alone?
Tim Sackton: You said you had companions.
Kate Sackton: Yes,
Kate Sackton: Another dwarf halfling a human and an elf.
Tim Sackton: That's amazing.
Tim Sackton: I must hear more of this at this point you hear
Tim Sackton: from the edge of the party that duel duel Arendel's gonna fight
Tim Sackton: which also interrupts Welby in the middle of his tale, and
Tim Sackton: Esmara pulls on rizwin and says we must go see, he is a
Tim Sackton: he has a beautiful do list.
Tim Sackton: Yes, a bit boisterous for my tastes.
Kate Sackton: Yes. Shall we.
Tim Sackton: At the same time.
Tim Sackton: The Satyar who tells you his name is Valaris.
Tim Sackton: He's gonna aren't gonna fight your friend, I guess. But Al, that must be the one you're traveling with. Right.
David (he/him): Yeah. What do you think his chances are.
Tim Sackton: Not good to be honest.
Tim Sackton: I mean that Guy's been dueling for like longer than I can remember.
David (he/him): I see.
Tim Sackton: Him all the time. He never loses.
Tim Sackton: almost never loses. He did lose like, I think, twice.
David (he/him): Who'd he lose to.
Tim Sackton: Well, one I just heard of I don't know. It's a rumor. Early on before he was like a famous duelist.
Tim Sackton: He lost badly to somebody who.
Tim Sackton: to be honest, I kind of forget the tale
Tim Sackton: I have to admit. I don't actually pay that much attention when people are talking about themselves.
Tim Sackton: Sometimes it's hard to remember all the details that they spew out like your story, like, it's pretty good, but
Tim Sackton: I can't actually say I remember it like completely now. So.
David (he/him): Really starting to wrap my head around. Why, you got cursed in the particular way that you got cursed. This is, it's fitting together, is what I'm saying.
Tim Sackton: You know he sort of grimaces.
Tim Sackton: Everybody says that.
Tim Sackton: Damn.
David (he/him): Let's go watch the stool.
Tim Sackton: And Kenzo also hears the noise of the duel sort of passing through.
Tim Sackton: assuming you want to go see what's going on.
Tim Sackton: You all drift over to where?
Tim Sackton: Aaron Dalvis, big, boisterous.
Tim Sackton: broad shouldered, golden haired Faye, wearing dented breastplate and a sort of wine stained cloak. Who's drawn this, like silver rapier, is standing cheerfully like toasting.
Tim Sackton: yeah, like.
Tim Sackton: you know, to my fans, to the fans over. Then he looks over, and he what was your name
Tim Sackton: to Delray.
Tim Sackton: who presumably so have dealt with.
Tim Sackton: says to the fans of Galway, We'll be here a good sport.
David (he/him): And hollers, and.
Mike Sackton: I didn't realize I was muted. Sorry I said, Dallas.
Kate Sackton: It was like.
Tim Sackton: to those who are just here for the show. May it be a good one! He's like it goes on for like 5 min.
Tim Sackton: giving these toasts, and then, he says, gives a little bow.
Tim Sackton: Draws his sword, touches the blade to your blade, says one spell. Remember.
Mike Sackton: Yes, the the
Mike Sackton: I will tell him as he touches my blade the the gods guide my sword.
Mike Sackton: I hope you will not be offended if they assist me.
Mike Sackton: I cannot.
Tim Sackton: Oh, the gods,
Tim Sackton: Fascinating! I never dueled anybody who fought with the gods on their side before he sort of laughs to the gods. Let's raise a toast, this elf's gods! May they bring him good luck in the bout
Tim Sackton: ready.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: House. Okay? So role initiative, it's basically, whoever does the most damage in 3 rounds wins.
Mike Sackton: Ow, okay, I didn't realize how you're gonna run, that that
Mike Sackton: I was thinking this was the 1st
Mike Sackton: I was thinking it was 1st block.
Tim Sackton: 1st blood, like the way hit points were.
Tim Sackton: So until you take half how.
Mike Sackton: Sure. But hold on, I might change my spell then.
Tim Sackton: That's fair.
Mike Sackton: and I'm saying the gods thing, I assume my non-spell magic is allowed.
Tim Sackton: Like adric smite.
Mike Sackton: Or just the fact that I can use my charisma or the curse of the can. Actually, when I say the gods thing, can that be? Can I like? Do a little blessing, giving him a little blessing, and have that actually mechanically be marking him with the hunter's mark?
Tim Sackton: Sure.
Mike Sackton: Okay I am. I am flipping up my spell if it's maximal damage.
Mike Sackton: Good luck, plus lots of mood. Weight is more is more cinematic.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Hi, what did I roll for? Initiative?
Tim Sackton: 16 I rolled a 16, so he lunges forward.
Tim Sackton: moving quite quickly, swinging with with his sword, darting in and out. The 1st one's a 21.
Mike Sackton: That will hit. But let's hold on a sec. Let me see.
Mike Sackton: Sorry. I just gotta look at one thing.
Mike Sackton: that's my reaction as always.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Okay, hold on. That may be hit. Just give me one second
Mike Sackton: that misses using.
Mike Sackton: So he hits, and then, using his olive shield, he misses instead.
Tim Sackton: He looks! He sort of laughs at you.
Tim Sackton: A strong one as he swings again. That's a 20.
Mike Sackton: Mrs.
Tim Sackton: Swings again.
Tim Sackton: That's a natural 20.
Tim Sackton: So his 3rd hit does.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: And 19 26 points of damage.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: That's fine!
Mike Sackton: I'm going to.
Tim Sackton: I'll just keep track of. It's not real damage.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Sure. Okay, no. I get to that.
Tim Sackton: Now you got your attack.
Mike Sackton: All right.
Mike Sackton: Bonus action cast font of moonlight using using and
Mike Sackton: sorcery points to make it a bonus action.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Mike Sackton: And then so I start glowing.
Mike Sackton: Then, 1st attack is a 22.
Tim Sackton: He
Tim Sackton: flips his sword in front of you, and this shimmering ray of energy flicks in front of you and deflects your blow as he uses his one spell to cast shield.
Mike Sackton: I almost took shield as my wind spell. That's annoying. Okay?
Mike Sackton: Second attack misses, I mean with Shield. It's worse than that. 1 3rd attack Misses.
Tim Sackton: Dodge is out of the way. A good show, a good show.
Tim Sackton: You are a slippery one.
Tim Sackton: Do not worry.
Tim Sackton: You'll get me next time as he ducks away, and then that's a 15 that obviously misses a 22.
Mike Sackton: I will.
Mike Sackton: Fun.
Tim Sackton: 3rd attack is a 25.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, so they'll both hit.
Tim Sackton: That's another 9 plus 14. So that's another.
Tim Sackton: Well, I'll just write it down.
Tim Sackton: I'm and he says you're you're doing well.
Tim Sackton: Keep it up as he dances back. After getting 2 quick stabs that duck past your your
Tim Sackton: your flow.
Mike Sackton: 27.
Tim Sackton: That hits.
Mike Sackton: Right is my cheating.
Tim Sackton: Smite! It would count as a spell. That would be cheating.
Tim Sackton: Okay, you're expenditing a spell slot.
Mike Sackton: That's true. That's fair. Okay? So that does
Mike Sackton: 2D, 8 plus 2D. 6 plus 1031 damage.
Tim Sackton: He sort of groans as he staggers back. A good hit, a solid hit.
Mike Sackton: Next one misses 26.
Tim Sackton: That hints.
Mike Sackton: All right roll 2D. 6 plus 2D. 8 plus 10,
Mike Sackton: 31 damage again. That's freaky.
Tim Sackton: He he kind of
Tim Sackton: kind of steps back a little bit, ducking and dodging.
Tim Sackton: You're quite skilled, Alf.
Tim Sackton: I raise a toast to your swordplay.
Tim Sackton: It's been a long time since I fought a talented opponent as he lunges to swing at you. That's a
Tim Sackton: 15 that misses.
Mike Sackton: This.
Tim Sackton: That's a 28.
Mike Sackton: Hold on! I'll use my that Misses Dodge out of the way with Yuzali's frost.
Tim Sackton: Slippery eel. This outfit? Everybody, give him a cheer. He's doing quite well, and then the last one is a 26.
Mike Sackton: Battlehead.
Tim Sackton: 15. That's another 20 points of damage. That was his last round, and he dodges back, and he says, a close fight. A talented fighter. Everybody give him a cheer as he dodges, swinging his shield to Perry.
Mike Sackton: I need advantage on these attacks. I'm gonna lose 2 misses in a row. This is terrible. 4 and 4.
Tim Sackton: If you hit them you have a good chance of winning.
Mike Sackton: 22.
Mike Sackton: That's not gonna hit.
Tim Sackton: Misses with shield.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: He's got a 24 A/C. With shield.
David (he/him): Is
Mike Sackton: Way.
David (he/him): Inspiration. What about can you reroll a role.
Mike Sackton: Oh, I have heroic inspiration.
Tim Sackton: Yup!
Mike Sackton: I can reroll a roll.
Mike Sackton: 7. I haven't rolled above a 10, except twice.
Tim Sackton: He he bows so he wins.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, that was awful. Rolling.
Mike Sackton: He rolled pretty badly, too, though in his defense.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, he meant.
David S. Kong: Rolling. It's not really rolling Mike dealt with. It's really just your skill overall, you know.
Mike Sackton: Dallas is distracted by the I just I rolled like 4 4 is like it does endless sequence of crappy ass rolls.
Tim Sackton: That's a lot of these sort of gives you a great.
Mike Sackton: It is a lot.
Mike Sackton: This is.
Tim Sackton: You are a skilled and talented fighter, and he raises to his fans a close bout one that I've not been so close to defeat in many
Tim Sackton: a day.
Tim Sackton: Everybody give a round of applause to Dell with the L.
Tim Sackton: And he bows graciously, and then he sort of stands over, and I'm looking forward to hearing your stories.
Tim Sackton: A pleasant day.
Tim Sackton: We will spend.
Mike Sackton: Yes, and he looks. I'm happy to talk.
Tim Sackton: Around again.
Tim Sackton: And you travel with companions.
Tim Sackton: Have not seen so many mortals in
Tim Sackton: the Court of the Master of the Rivals in many a year.
Mike Sackton: Perhaps you'd.
Tim Sackton: You enjoy the bout. A toast to travelers raises a glass and a toast to.
Tim Sackton: He looks over Polaris.
David S. Kong: Really.
Tim Sackton: A toast to annoying satyrs.
Tim Sackton: Even you.
David (he/him): Put, my.
Tim Sackton: Gross.
David (he/him): Shoulder and just give him a squeeze. Don't don't worry, Buddy. Hang in there.
Tim Sackton: And he's sort of you can. He's like sort of getting the crowd riled up, like, you know, gets a bunch of people drinking and drinking to toast, to deal with
Tim Sackton: a brave fight.
Tim Sackton: Now come, let us sit and let me hear your tales.
Tim Sackton: all of you welcome. I'm sure that many in the court would appreciate the stories of such a well-traveled mortal as yourself, who carries such a wonderful blade.
Tim Sackton: so.
Mike Sackton: Wow! Let me start with the story of how I got such a wonderful blade.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: so we can like how? However, you want to play this out right like if you I mean, he's just kind of hanging around like. Obviously he's expecting deal with to hang around and entertain him. But he's not, you know, like a
Tim Sackton: harsh taskmaster or anything. And
Tim Sackton: After you spend some time telling some stories like, you know, he takes a break and he's gonna go get some food, maybe take a little rest for some time.
Tim Sackton: and you know, gives you a chance to talk to other people or talk amongst yourselves.
Tim Sackton: I'll be back.
Tim Sackton: I'd love to hear more stories of dragons, if you have others quite fascinating. That tale.
Mike Sackton: Oh, that's just my 1st story of dragons. There's 1, 2
Mike Sackton: wait. We've only killed 3 dragons.
Mike Sackton: That's a disappointment disappointingly small. That's a disappointingly small number.
Kate Sackton: Throw it away.
Mike Sackton: True.
Kate Sackton: Battle.
Mike Sackton: Am I missing one? There was just the white dragon.
Tim Sackton: You can always count the Wyverns. You fought on the.
Mike Sackton: No.
Tim Sackton: You've killed more undead than dragons.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. So he goes off to get some food. I'll be back. Give me after such a performance I must rest and and take some refreshment, and I wouldn't want to take up all of your time. Give you a chance to catch your breath and think of your next brilliant story.
Tim Sackton: please.
Tim Sackton: as he sort of drifts off a little bit, intending to come back relatively soon.
Kate Sackton: Fish companion taking notes during Belworth's story.
Tim Sackton: Yes, ashara is quite interested. You know, clearly interested in kind of sticking around for a little bit to hear all these tales.
Tim Sackton: Sorry, Ismara. She's so she's still there, and Valaris is still there.
Tim Sackton: And the all of you are. Are there kind of in a little corner on the sort of side of the party a little bit.
Mike Sackton: That.
Tim Sackton: Just.
Mike Sackton: I think we should. Bring your friend Welby.
David (he/him): Yeah.
David (he/him): well.
Kate Sackton: So we're gonna go to everlight's bloom and see this repository of secrets.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David (he/him): Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Are you like trying to cut the other Faye out of this conversation, or are they still around.
Mike Sackton: No, I thought we were having a slightly private conversation.
Kate Sackton: I was trying to use it as a segue to see if Ismara had any advice on.
Mike Sackton: I think if we're discussing hiring, bringing along this ladder we should do it in private. Deal with winter. Brought that up if we weren't in private, would have sort of gestured to like
Mike Sackton: what's
Tim Sackton: But you can talk to tomorrow if you want.
Kate Sackton: I'll just leave dealt with to talk about the thing that we all agree on, and I'll go tell us, Mara, my friends and I were just talking about going to Everlace Bloom.
Tim Sackton: She sort of. Yes, I've I've traveled there. What for?
Tim Sackton: Must say, it's not the most interesting of places.
Kate Sackton: I'm actually particularly interested in amber Glow, but there seem to be so few people
Kate Sackton: with knowledge of that place that
Kate Sackton: it might count as a secret. We need to find out of the library. There.
Tim Sackton: The shrouded archive!
Tim Sackton: Tricky place!
Tim Sackton: Not one I've ever ventured to.
Tim Sackton: always a little cautious of places where nobody can ever tell you what they gave up to get information.
Kate Sackton: No.
Tim Sackton: But perhaps your friend fought well, and you seem to have some skill, so
Tim Sackton: I wouldn't put it past you to navigate through those dangers.
Tim Sackton: But Amberglow, if you want information about Amberglow well.
Tim Sackton: I guess it's a different kind of danger.
Tim Sackton: you know. Most most of the
Tim Sackton: most of the realm has fallen into decay. Yes, obviously, you've heard such tales, and she's sort of flipping through her book. You know the Cloud Palace crash! Not not many stories come out of Ambergla these days, few venture in to record.
Tim Sackton: I was actually wondering if I should head towards the sunset gate next, but yes, might be dangerous.
Tim Sackton: But there are.
Tim Sackton: Amberglow is not devoid of information, I mean, what do you seek to know about Amberglow? She sort of flips through her book again.
Tim Sackton: I mean just stories, tales, something in particular.
Kate Sackton: Add, was held in such great regard.
Tim Sackton: Runs her fingers along one of the pages of her book, and sort of pulls pulls on the book a little bit.
Tim Sackton: The sort of almost like the ink kind of comes out in forms of sort of floating image above the page.
Tim Sackton: showing a flying like a cloud, a massive cloud. That stock is, you know.
Tim Sackton: 6 towers growing out of it that's floating above. People say that her Cloud palace was
Tim Sackton: a magnificent sight before my time. Sadly she pushes her hand down and flips the page again.
Tim Sackton: Red sun keep, she pulls this glowing or red sun, watch this this glowing castle, made purely out of sort of red, and you can see along the edge of the of the castle, in the sort of distance on the horizon, this
Tim Sackton: crystallized wall of swirling colors of the sunset, supposed to be to
Tim Sackton: pushes down and zooms in on the image, and it gets sort of fuzzy again. Never traveled there but
Tim Sackton: an archive. She flicks her finger, blows her hands away.
Tim Sackton: What's the page again?
Kate Sackton: Was an archive, or you heard of it in an archive.
Tim Sackton: Oh, it said there was
Tim Sackton: many of the cloud spinners, stories stored there. She pulls on illusions of glowing light that told the tales of the realms she blows everywhere the amber lights went, the stories followed. She sort of moves her hands around again, pulls it up, and a great grove of trees begins to grow.
Tim Sackton: Artwood Grove.
Tim Sackton: I've heard it's a dark place now. The Guardian was killed by some evil creature who crept in in the night.
Tim Sackton: said she, left to go bother mortals.
Tim Sackton: but after the guardian of the grove was killed she flicks her finger. The grove began to rot from within.
Tim Sackton: such as it is throughout Amberglow, but
Tim Sackton: there are always stories in the North. She pulls her, pulls her hand. There used to be
Tim Sackton: refuges, maybe archives there as well, I don't know how many. Stand moves her hand over the book again, and what's all been light sort of turns dark. The gloom Shaper is said to have taken many of the northern outposts of amber glow.
Tim Sackton: She sort of flicks her finger again. But if you wish stories, there are places to look.
Kate Sackton: Thank you. Is Red Sun. Keep on the southern border here.
Tim Sackton: Oh, it's well. If you follow the Sunset Gate north, you can't miss it.
Mike Sackton: Wait. Isn't Red Sun keep where we're the what's her name? Came came from.
Kate Sackton: That's my memory, too.
Mike Sackton: So I mean, it's presumably overrun by heroin Wend at the moment. But.
Kate Sackton: Everywhere is overrun by heroin, right, and everything, except for the.
Tim Sackton: No, not me!
Tim Sackton: Completely.
Mike Sackton: We all went to Amberglow right?
Mike Sackton: Like everybody in the party except dealt with, spent quite a bit of time in Ambergow. It was not overrun.
Mike Sackton: Boom.
Tim Sackton: Well, neither neither Riswood nor dealt with.
Mike Sackton: Okay. Originally, wasn't there either? Right? Right? Right?
David (he/him): Didn't we all go there when we dropped off.
Mike Sackton: No, I was playing the.
Tim Sackton: Wasn't there for that adventure, and Mike was playing.
David (he/him): Got it. Got it.
Tim Sackton: His Bay. Character.
Mike Sackton: The Dracore, Guy.
Tim Sackton: There!
Mike Sackton: There guarding the Agatha and her imprisonment, and.
David (he/him): Dude's a hundred percent for sure. Not imprisoned anymore. Right?
Mike Sackton: No, I think she was pretty well imprisoned.
Tim Sackton: Might have to kill her a 3rd time.
David (he/him): Probably need to kill her a 3rd time.
David (he/him): Side quests.
David (he/him): So
David (he/him): should we try and recruit this person with her book to like? Come with us there, or or
David (he/him): is there more that we're trying to get out of this party right now?
Mike Sackton: I think we recruit the satyr, weave the person with the book.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, she she doesn't have to tell us the truth. So I'm a little nervous about her.
Kate Sackton: I know we said we were done being paranoid, but.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I don't know, is there? I would say. We have our next destination, which is
Mike Sackton: Ember Light Falls. Is there anything more to find anything more to do. I mean, I guess we could talk to count fashion.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, I mean, I think we should talk to the one other person from Amberglow before we leave, or, yeah, Amber Glow before we leave.
Kate Sackton: Oh, I should ask her if she knows him if she's talked to him about Amber Glow.
Kate Sackton: That's what I do.
Tim Sackton: He's a strange one.
Tim Sackton: Seems upset about something
Tim Sackton: little too melancholy for my taste. Nobody comes to this party. To be melancholy seems questionable.
Kate Sackton: Well, I've come across many the melancholy soul in dark places.
Kate Sackton: I feel that I would like to meet this man.
Tim Sackton: Course your choice. I am pleased to have heard some of your stories, though I would.
Tim Sackton: I would like to stay while your friend Dawith fulfills his promise to Arendelle.
Tim Sackton: If you do not mind.
Kate Sackton: Oh, that makes all the sense in the world. Here Bellows is a
Kate Sackton: fine storyteller, who just entertained around the campfire with his good cooking, and his good tales.
Tim Sackton: I am sure, in the mundane world there are those who collect tales of the Feywild. Yes.
Kate Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: And of course there are Faye who collect tales of your world.
Tim Sackton: I consider myself one of them.
Tim Sackton: There is much to learn about the strangeness of a place where everything is so changeable and yet
Tim Sackton: static at the same time, how must it be to live where it said.
David S. Kong: Book.
Tim Sackton: Night follows, day follows, night follows day, and yet things decay so quickly
Tim Sackton: and yet simply smiling, cannot make fruit blossom.
Tim Sackton: What a strange place it must be
Tim Sackton: to have so little control over the world. Have it control you.
Tim Sackton: I am fascinated.
Tim Sackton: So I would hear your tales if you.
David (he/him): If you do not mind, of course.
Kate Sackton: That I'm leaving dealt with to tell the tale right?
Kate Sackton: Or did you have specific questions for me?
Tim Sackton: No, no, no!
Tim Sackton: Well, linger around the outskirts of your party and listen and write as I do.
Tim Sackton: It's far more interesting to observe than much I've seen here in the last days.
Kate Sackton: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: I will probably be leaving soon, but
Tim Sackton: I am grateful to have had this opportunity to collect these tales before
Tim Sackton: you vanish to your quest wherever you seek to go.
Kate Sackton: Where do you intend to travel next.
Tim Sackton: Wow!
Tim Sackton: I don't know.
Tim Sackton: At least we'll travel as far as the Sunset Gate.
Tim Sackton: It is something I have not seen myself, and it is said to be quite a sight.
Tim Sackton: I dare not pass beyond.
Tim Sackton: perhaps, Dimmerstone.
Tim Sackton: Yes, that is not as a place that might be interesting.
Kate Sackton: There are gays from my world into Shiversong. Right with that.
Tim Sackton: None that you know of.
Kate Sackton: Oh, okay, I just heard of.
Kate Sackton: I thought there was a gate to it.
Tim Sackton: I would love to travel to the Twilight Court, but.
Kate Sackton: It is difficult to reach these days.
Tim Sackton: With cloud, spinner gone, and dusk mire spreading arrow and wind aggressive.
Tim Sackton: the dangers in the mountains. To the north one must go
Tim Sackton: far to the north or far to the south, to reach twilight's grace.
Kate Sackton: Do we know what dustmire is? What? I asked her.
Kate Sackton: Am I supposed to know that already.
Tim Sackton: No?
Tim Sackton: Oh, I forget. Yes, the realm of the gloom. Gloom, shaper.
Tim Sackton: Hmm!
Tim Sackton: Yes, it is.
Tim Sackton: Yes, have to travel sometimes these days.
Tim Sackton: There are a few of us who do it now used to be more, I'm told, anyway.
Kate Sackton: We thought that Arendel might tell some tales of his travels. Evan Durr, Evan Dale.
Tim Sackton: Arundel.
Kate Sackton: Kind of.
Tim Sackton: He doesn't travel.
Tim Sackton: You just collect stories from those he
Tim Sackton: defeats and duels has got many to tell, but few of his own.
Tim Sackton: He's won many times, and this wager on entertainment is a common one among the Fae.
Tim Sackton: Well, I will take a rest and have some refreshments and wander back over as
Tim Sackton: your friend starts his tales.
Kate Sackton: I'm right. I Oh, skirt around the party and see if I see a melancholy man.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So what's everybody else doing.
Kate Sackton: Does anybody else want to come with me and look for
Kate Sackton: Christian will tell the others that I'm
Kate Sackton: not necessarily gonna listen to deal with, and
Kate Sackton: you got my keeps seeking for the sky, unless.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you've got a little bit of time. If, like Arundel went to basically go, have some wine and take a nap. So.
Mike Sackton: Well, Dallas will go.
Tim Sackton: Got it.
Mike Sackton: Ben, sure. Yeah, I'll come.
Tim Sackton: Has anybody asked or told Valeris that you wanted to come with you?
Mike Sackton: I'm waiting for Welby to do that. Welby's his bud.
David (he/him): I I think I have. I've insinuated. I'll tell him more directly. I'll tell him. Yeah. So why don't you come with us? Find the spot. You can find out what you have to give up to get in.
Tim Sackton: Buying the shrouded arc. I don't.
Tim Sackton: I'm probably I'll be honest with you. I'm probably not going to go in.
Tim Sackton: I'll probably wait for you on the outside. But maybe if I pay careful enough attention to how you're like before you go in and what you're like when you come out, I can figure out what's changed.
Tim Sackton: Well, that's not a bad idea. Actually.
David (he/him): I hope it's not something like drastic, like.
Tim Sackton: You.
Tim Sackton: Well, if it was something obvious like you turn green, or you're cursed to never tell a lie and always be brutally honest with everybody you talk with.
Tim Sackton: I think it would have been obvious by now. Right? I mean, I'm not wrong about this, am I?
Tim Sackton: I mean, you can lie you could like flatter me. You can say yes, of course you're very smart. I'm the only one who can't do that.
David (he/him): Why, maybe there'll be the opportunity to pay the price in our stead.
David (he/him): That would be unselfish, wouldn't it?
Mike Sackton: It really would be unselfish. That would be a very unselfish act.
Tim Sackton: Well, I can't tell you that. No, that wouldn't work.
Tim Sackton: I can say I'm not sure if I'm willing to risk it.
Tim Sackton: Maybe you guiding you, there will be enough, and then I'll be freed, and then I can tell all sorts of nice pleasantry, pleasant lies to you about how easy it will be to get the secret you need from the archive.
Tim Sackton: and then I'll know that I'm free, and you'll go in and do your thing, and then we can have a joyous time together afterwards.
David (he/him): I like this plan, and I'm excited for the journey together, and I mean just to name the obvious
David (he/him): any unselfish act you do for the purpose of relieving yourself of the curse, is by definition, not an unselfish act.
Tim Sackton: You know.
David (he/him): Anyways, you chew on that while we're on the road, and you know we'll we'll work our way through it.
Tim Sackton: I kind of find you annoying, but also charming.
Tim Sackton: I have to be honest.
David (he/him): I find you at least one of those.
Tim Sackton: I will assume it's charming, even though, if I'm being brutally honest, I think it's probably annoying.
David (he/him): What I can say for certain is that of all of the satyrs I have ever met, you are one of them.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: See now, that's the type of thing I used to say to people.
Tim Sackton: but now I'd have to follow up with
Tim Sackton: one of them. One of the least interesting of them, or something like that, which I assume is what you're thinking about. Be. But actually, if you stop to think about it.
Tim Sackton: I'm pretty interested.
Tim Sackton: I think you have a how often do you yourself, Bay? Cursed people.
David (he/him): That's good.
David (he/him): Yeah, it's unusual.
Tim Sackton: Different. Right?
David (he/him): Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Go! Go! Go! I'll be here when you wanna leave. Where else am I? Gonna go.
David (he/him): Alright. I'll go circle back to find the rest of you and some of this exercise.
Tim Sackton: So it's I mean.
David (he/him): I'll be back in a minute.
Tim Sackton: That hard once you know what you're looking for to find.
Tim Sackton: the broken mask. Count Vashen he is
Tim Sackton: you know most people are kind of dancing around are, you know, partying are sort of in little groups, clumped together, sort of coming apart talking.
Tim Sackton: He's also unusual in that. He's 1 of the few people who's sort of sitting by himself.
Tim Sackton: Slumped against the outside of one of the columns of the Sunwine Hall.
Tim Sackton: sort of just slowly, sort of crushing grapes in his hand, and then, like flicking the remains off into the
Tim Sackton: party. There's a wine glass that's knocked over next to him. He's kind of slumped. He's
Tim Sackton: He's wearing like fine, courtly clothes that maybe once were elegant, but are stained, and clearly hasn't like he hasn't taken care of himself.
Kate Sackton: His.
Tim Sackton: You know his. His face is
Tim Sackton: almost like nondescript, right? Like, it's yeah, it's
Tim Sackton: most most Faye at the party are like
Tim Sackton: elegant or, if not elegant, at least distinctive. Right? Like, you know, people are all colors, like people are. There's people with golden skin and bronze skin and dark skin and light skin and hair of different kinds. People have like stars that drift down their face.
Tim Sackton: He's everybody's, you know, elegant, or, if not elegant, at least distinctive, right like there's these paragons, the rabbit humanoid fay with big bunny ears, and like a Mohawk.
Tim Sackton: you know, comb from their hair. He is almost as if he's trying to be invisible. Just nothing, almost as if he's shaped his face to be the kind of thing that you look at, and sort of glance across, and then almost don't realize that you saw him, and just kind of look past, and it takes sort of concentration to focus on him
Tim Sackton: sort of looks up.
Mike Sackton: I'll sort of glance.
Tim Sackton: Freezing.
Mike Sackton: And like, do you have a plan here, or
Mike Sackton: as we're walking over, I'll say.
Mike Sackton: do you have a plan here, or are we just talking to him.
Kate Sackton: I think we need to ask
Kate Sackton: if he's contempt, you know, as they are. If he's a contemporary, if he's existed contemporaneously with the cloud spinner. Then questions like.
Kate Sackton: you know, we've heard of her wonders. And where did did she just disappear sometimes and come back with more magic? Or did she just do her work right out in the twilight court wherever that was or like I hint at, like.
Mike Sackton: I was going to be way more direct.
Kate Sackton: That sure. That's fine, too, like we need to know where she did her magic with, you know. Do you even know what it's called. We think we know it's called, you know where it is like, yeah, sure, let's do that.
Mike Sackton: So we like. We walk up to him right.
Mike Sackton: And
Mike Sackton: daleth will look him up and down a little bit sort of almost taking, like a little bit of a hottie, like sort of disappointing, like he's clearly like, let himself go type and say, basically count fashion.
Tim Sackton: He looks up and he flicks a grape at you. Go by the broken mask. Now, what do you want.
Mike Sackton: You've given up too soon. The Cloud spinner's alive.
Tim Sackton: He kind of looks down, reaches over like sort of
Tim Sackton: slowly sort of tilts, his wine glass up, kind of reaches around and like grabs the wineskin and pours, and like takes a big swallow.
Tim Sackton: I doubt that.
Kate Sackton: The last.
Mike Sackton: Seen her.
Mike Sackton: The amber lights have lit.
Tim Sackton: His eye is kind of narrow.
Tim Sackton: You sure of this.
Kate Sackton: I've seen.
Mike Sackton: We're I'll I'll tell him about where we're in the the Guardian of the Red Key, whatever.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Road or stag to a location.
Mike Sackton: Following the amber light.
Mike Sackton: it glowed and pointed the way.
Tim Sackton: Kind of.
Mike Sackton: Describe it in great detail.
Tim Sackton: Thighs and shakes his head, and sort of squishes another grape and kind of flicks it off into the distance.
Tim Sackton: And yet she didn't come.
Tim Sackton: Hashim forgotten.
Mike Sackton: In prison.
Tim Sackton: Doubt she would have forgotten me.
Tim Sackton: Sort of mutters under his breath, sort of bitterly.
Mike Sackton: She is trapped at the moment.
Mike Sackton: freed from a prison, but still trapped.
Tim Sackton: And what concern of this is yours?
Mike Sackton: I free.
Tim Sackton: I'm meddling the bay. You freed her.
Mike Sackton: I'll have you not heard the stories? Well, no, I haven't told that one yet.
Mike Sackton: I'll gesture to point sort of to my companions with help. Of course.
Tim Sackton: He kind of.
Tim Sackton: He kind of shakes his head again.
Tim Sackton: Why are you talking to me?
Mike Sackton: I thought, perhaps you still wish to serve her.
Mike Sackton: I'm mistaken my apologies.
Mike Sackton: We will weave you to your misery.
Tim Sackton: You sort of size. Do you not think she would want my service?
Tim Sackton: Flick some other grape.
Mike Sackton: And why is that? May I ask?
Mike Sackton: Any great sin of the past can be redeemed great deeds of the now.
Tim Sackton: He shakes his head.
Tim Sackton: just shakes his head again.
Tim Sackton: make a persuasion jacket.
Mike Sackton: I finally rolled decent 26.
Tim Sackton: I don't even remember
Tim Sackton: where the guilt comes from.
Tim Sackton: What did I do?
Tim Sackton: Takes another drink.
Tim Sackton: and yet I know.
Mike Sackton: Didn't Callus also do something bad to the cloud spinner that he couldn't remember.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Kate Sackton: Is.
Mike Sackton: Of course, neither Riswin nor I know that.
Tim Sackton: Right, that's true. Well, there could be somebody else in this conversation, or maybe you've heard the stories.
Kate Sackton: It can tell you.
Mike Sackton: Want to be. In this conversation.
David S. Kong: What's that?
Mike Sackton: You want to join our conversation?
David S. Kong: Yes, I'm like sorry I was like.
Mike Sackton: You're like, asleep. Yeah.
David S. Kong: Yeah, I have not slept in in so long. So I'm a little tired. But yeah, I'm liminally listening. Following along.
David S. Kong: I will join in a moment.
Mike Sackton: We're just noting that that.
Mike Sackton: Remember the guy call us the Drankorian.
Mike Sackton: that I played as a character one during in the Feywild.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: He also did something bad to the Gladspinner that he felt guilty about, that he couldn't remember.
David S. Kong: You can't remember what he did, though.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. But this guy, Count Vashen can't remember what he did, either.
David S. Kong: Something happened. There was clearly some yeah.
Mike Sackton: I bet you it's related.
David (he/him): Hmm.
David S. Kong: Cool.
Mike Sackton: But we need Kenzo to jump in and be like I met a guy who had the same problem, couldn't remember how he betrayed the cloud spinner.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Why don't even get it like that?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, you you met Kenzo met.
Tim Sackton: Enzo and Callius were on the same adventure. When you went to kill.
Mike Sackton: Agatha.
Tim Sackton: Agatha.
David S. Kong: Oh, oh, oh, oh, right right, right? Right? Yeah. Yeah. I jumped in and mention that
David S. Kong: I mentioned. I mentioned Calias.
Mike Sackton: Hey?
Mike Sackton: He's doing quite well atoning for his sins by good deeds.
David S. Kong: Indeed.
Tim Sackton: How a human.
Tim Sackton: that name is familiar, something. I
Tim Sackton: takes another drink.
Kate Sackton: This lady eventide with us.
Tim Sackton: She's being kind of shy, but she's with she's with you here. Yeah.
Kate Sackton: But she's not like telling filling us in. She doesn't know this guy.
Tim Sackton: No, she's like she like pulls, are you? Is everybody there?
David (he/him): Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: She like pulls Welby over.
Tim Sackton: I remember him.
Tim Sackton: He was like he was like one of the cloud spinners, like most trusted servants.
Tim Sackton: No warden of the Cloud Palace.
Tim Sackton: I saw him all the time. What's he doing? Drinking here? Thought he was dead. Must have been dead.
Mike Sackton: As
David (he/him): How would he have died?
Tim Sackton: Sorry, what.
David (he/him): How would he have died like what he must have been dead? What does that mean? How do you know that.
Tim Sackton: Well, I just assumed I mean
Tim Sackton: there were so few of us who stayed. Why would he have?
Tim Sackton: I didn't. I never thought he would have fled just from the engine.
David (he/him): Do we have some way like to remove their magically, or like monkly, like the wine makes the people here forget
David (he/him): like? Is there a way for us to remove that effect, and maybe try to unlock that memory form.
Mike Sackton: I don't think it's the wine it does. Do you know.
Tim Sackton: Wait. Why don't you? Schwartz is being very observant. The 2 people you've met he spent all their time drinking wine.
Tim Sackton: Don't remember their past.
David S. Kong: Can I cleanse and touch them.
Kate Sackton: Monkish, something monkish.
Mike Sackton: I just assume he doesn't remember why he betrayed, or how he betrayed. I assume he betrayed the cloud spinner in some fashion, and he doesn't remember betraying the cloud spinner for similar.
David (he/him): But I think he's drinking to forget what that was.
Mike Sackton: Maybe.
David (he/him): There's like a magical property, because we ran into somebody else here who was doing the same thing.
David (he/him): splancing touch.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Cleansing test probably would not undo this. But you can try like soul citing him, or you can try it.
David S. Kong: Yeah. Sure. Why not?
Tim Sackton: Go ahead and go and make a wisdom check just somebody roll a d 20 plus 4.
David S. Kong: Hold on! I got it!
Mike Sackton: As I say, do you need somebody that.
Tim Sackton: Plus. You can have inspiration.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Kate Sackton: What about dispel magic.
David (he/him): Yeah, let's just hit him with all the things. See what happens.
Mike Sackton: What about
David S. Kong: Computer so slow. Oh, my God! Annoying.
Kate Sackton: Yeah on the hit him with all things front Kenzo's gonna soul side him. I'm gonna dispill magic at him.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: Alright, sure!
Tim Sackton: Roll a with also you also on dispel magic roll a wisdom, d. 20 plus your wisdom, which is plus 5.
David (he/him): Oh, you want me to roll freak.
David S. Kong: Yeah, that'd be great. Thanks.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
David (he/him): Do. 20 plus 4, 16 altogether.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that's not high enough. But you can use. You can have bardic, I mean bardic inspiration.
David S. Kong: Throw a d. 10 in there.
Kate Sackton: But you don't want me to just cast spell magic. You want me to roll a d. 20.
Mike Sackton: When you cast a spell magic, you have to roll A. D. 20 to see if it succeeds. If the spell is not 3rd level or lower.
David (he/him): Mark is a d. 12 or d. 10.
David S. Kong: D. 12.
Mike Sackton: Roll. Just once. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: An ability check so twice, take the highest.
David (he/him): That's much better. All right, that's 27 altogether, hey? Pretendsa.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so Kenzo kind of reaches out and and
Tim Sackton: you know, holds his hand up, reaches out towards this guy's aura, and for a moment
Tim Sackton: it seems like this is not an effect that you can dispel.
Tim Sackton: but it's an effect you can temporarily suppress, suppress for a few minutes.
Tim Sackton: With that good of a role like I mean, this is like deep Faye magic, right? But
Tim Sackton: his eyes he sort of sits up and is, and his eyes sort of
Tim Sackton: begin to tear up a little and eat
Tim Sackton: looks at you sort of in this
Tim Sackton: glance of sort of almost betrayal and anger like, what what did you do?
Tim Sackton: She definitely wouldn't want my service.
Mike Sackton: I'm going to cast detect dots.
Tim Sackton: What did you do?
David (he/him): Do you remember now?
Tim Sackton: He's looking at Kenzo.
David S. Kong: I'm helping you to remember.
Tim Sackton: But yeah, there's a reason I wanted to forget so much more pleasant.
Kate Sackton: And forget later. Help us now.
David S. Kong: The only way out is through.
David (he/him): It's not just your life at stake.
Tim Sackton: Sort of closes his eyes for a minute.
Tim Sackton: What do you want to know? I don't see how I can help you. I failed. Everybody else.
David (he/him): Should we? Just what we're up to.
Kate Sackton: And but.
Mike Sackton: Have you heard of the prism? Well.
David (he/him): Hmm.
Mike Sackton: I did also cast a tech thoughts on him, too.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: Could try.
Mike Sackton: Tell us more.
David (he/him): Where can we find him?
Tim Sackton: He looks sort of.
Mike Sackton: What is it?
Tim Sackton: He looks now sort of slightly concerned, like
Tim Sackton: the cloud spinner died because I was too trusting.
Mike Sackton: She's not dead.
Tim Sackton: And amber glow died because I was too trusting.
David (he/him): He's only imprisoned.
Mike Sackton: Amber glow is not dead either. He's waiting for the cloud spinner to return.
Tim Sackton: And you are the one to bring her back.
Tim Sackton: I've made this mistake before.
David (he/him): We've brought her this far.
Tim Sackton: How do I know?
Mike Sackton: Well, what's he thinking?
Tim Sackton: He's.
David (he/him): So.
Tim Sackton: He's he's like scared. He's thinking he's basically like thinking about how long ago?
Tim Sackton: He.
David (he/him): Was sweet, talked by.
Tim Sackton: Shamat and brought Shamat to the cloud spinner in a moment of vulnerability and Shamite imprisoned her.
Tim Sackton: he thought. Shamut killed her, and he is now terrified. He's been trying to.
Tim Sackton: It was Shamat, not a Polyon. I forgot to correct you earlier. Remember
Tim Sackton: it was Shamut's daughter who was guarding the Cloud Spinner.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah, yeah. But I couldn't remember why Shamutt was mad at the cloud spinner.
Tim Sackton: I don't think you ever learned that, actually.
Tim Sackton: except that.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: She gave the Orcs the cloak, and not him.
Mike Sackton: But why would Shamut want the cloak? Isn't that bad for him?
Tim Sackton: No, his whole thing was to kill the gods.
Mike Sackton: Oh, right. He wanted to kill the guts. Right, of course.
Mike Sackton: right? Right? Right. They both wanted the cloak for different reasons.
Tim Sackton: And to keep.
Mike Sackton: The gods from stopping him, becoming a god, and the other to kill the gods.
David (he/him): As so as that detect thoughts happen like, is there any flash of like? Did he see the cloud spinner in that prison, like in the big crystal thing, or.
Mike Sackton: No.
Tim Sackton: He saw what he's what he's reliving in his mind is
Tim Sackton: bringing bringing Shamat to the Cloud Palace.
Tim Sackton: seeing basically like a fight between Shamut and the
Tim Sackton: cloud spinner, which he did not try to stop, paralyzed by fear or uncertainty, or what.
Tim Sackton: and then running and seeing behind him
Tim Sackton: the cloud spinner seemed to fall, and then Shamut and the cloud spinner, spinner, vanish.
Tim Sackton: and then the palace started to crash.
Mike Sackton: When
Mike Sackton: we were talking about prison. Well, prison! Well, was there any hints in his mind about details or not? Really.
Tim Sackton: Not really, I mean so apparently it's a place that only the cloud spinner went.
Tim Sackton: But it was where she wove the sunset threads.
Mike Sackton: I'll is there?
Mike Sackton: I'll look at him.
Mike Sackton: There's somewhere private. You could go.
Tim Sackton: What? So
Tim Sackton: he sort of laughs. I guess if you want to kill me, that's fine with me.
Tim Sackton: Now that you've made me remember all this, I know why, sought the Ember wine.
Mike Sackton: That.
David (he/him): We only have a little time before the forgetfulness returns.
Tim Sackton: Style.
David (he/him): We like find a little grove or something.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, there's like, you've seen people.
Kate Sackton: To see some nature grove that be nice and private.
Tim Sackton: There's like little secluded places where, like people sneak off to, you know.
David (he/him): I assume we're bringing them here, and we're gonna show them the cloud spinner, right? Yeah, that's
David (he/him): thing off my neck, and I'll spread out the hole and open it.
David (he/him): And I mean she and that prison are taking up most of the space. Yeah, like, you can't really miss her. So.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David (he/him): Not like climbing in, but there it is. I'll gesture. I'll reach down and path the thing a few times.
Tim Sackton: He slumps down.
David (he/him): I close it back, up again.
Tim Sackton: I can't. I can't.
Tim Sackton: Whatever you're doing isn't gonna last long. Anyway, we need to find
Tim Sackton: use to you. I'm of no use to anybody.
David (he/him): How do we find the prison? Well, to free her.
Mike Sackton: Any hints that you could give us any thoughts, any recollections, anything.
David (he/him): We want to be able to tell her how it was your doing that made it possible for her to be free.
Mike Sackton: And.
Tim Sackton: I'll lose to.
Mike Sackton: No go ahead!
Tim Sackton: Keeps all of her outposts along the Sunset Gate.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, they had amber lights, but it was more.
Tim Sackton: I don't know what happened to them. I know the cloud palace fell and was destroyed.
Tim Sackton: Towers crumbled, but if any of the keeps our
Tim Sackton: I don't know if intact is the right word.
Tim Sackton: Their heart was always a vile drop of the prism, well
Tim Sackton: hidden, impossible to see except by sunlight, sunset, the light of sunset.
Tim Sackton: If you can find
Tim Sackton: you can find that
Tim Sackton: could lead you there.
Tim Sackton: It was always, she said. It was
Tim Sackton: at last need.
Tim Sackton: If the Sunset Gate, if the any of the keeps on the eastern border fell needed her.
Tim Sackton: They could use this to summon her power from the prison well itself.
Tim Sackton: But I don't think any of the keeps survive.
Tim Sackton: You could look.
Tim Sackton: Even if the darkness has come, they could not see
Tim Sackton: the light of the prism. Well.
Tim Sackton: unless you have a way to bring sunlight to these places. You could not see it either.
Mike Sackton: Riswin polishes her sunlight, bringing hands, but.
Tim Sackton: There's other ways to find secrets in the Feywild.
Tim Sackton: All secrets are written in the shrouded archive. You must know this by now.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
David (he/him): But there's a price to be paid for it.
Tim Sackton: There's always a price to pay.
Tim Sackton: I don't know where else to tell you to look. I mean
Tim Sackton: it was the heart of her power.
Tim Sackton: Don't think it was even just one place.
Kate Sackton: I guess that's helpful.
Tim Sackton: And you must have.
Tim Sackton: You've come this far. You can't be weak.
Tim Sackton: must have resources of your own
Tim Sackton: looks down sort of bitterly. I don't know what else to tell you, and I don't know
Tim Sackton: even whether to hope for success or failure.
Kate Sackton: We're not of the Feywild. Traveling here can be different from our expectations.
Kate Sackton: Is there any
Kate Sackton: way of reaching the keeps other than walking in a direction.
Kate Sackton: We just need a map.
Tim Sackton: They're not hard to find. Just follow the Sunset Gate.
Tim Sackton: If you go north from here and you come to Red Sun, watch 1st knight's edge keep next.
Tim Sackton: and then I guess, the the last on the northern well.
Tim Sackton: there were several refuges to the north.
Tim Sackton: -
Tim Sackton: but along the Sunset Gate, anyway, the northernmost keep is, I'll come up with a cool, fey name, and later.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Does does ember wine, order the sunset key.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Let's go east.
Mike Sackton: All went north from here.
Tim Sackton: You could.
Mike Sackton: I don't have anything else to ask him.
Tim Sackton: Tell that he's slowly fading. His, you know, his.
Tim Sackton: his memories, his lost memory is slowly beginning to creep back.
Tim Sackton: And he's you know he's slowly kind of looking at you, and
Tim Sackton: beginning to sort of shake his head a little bit
Tim Sackton: and a sort of lips edge of his lips beginning to sort of turn up a little bit as he starts to smile.
Tim Sackton: If you have any other questions now is your last chance. Basically no.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay, he sort of well, leave me be
Tim Sackton: and sort of slumps back, and you can see his face sort of shifts again as Kenzo's cleansing touch ends and the lost memory. The memory stealing creeps back over him, and he sort of slumps back against the stone pillar.
Mike Sackton: So my suggestion is, I mean, we could either just go north from here.
Mike Sackton: or we could go to Everlight and go hunt down the secrets.
David (he/him): Say those 2 options. Again.
Mike Sackton: So we could head to the Sunset Gate.
Mike Sackton: right, which is the line of sunset. It goes all the way right. It crosses the huge swath of a faywell. Right? It's it's
Mike Sackton: it's where night turns to day or day turns to night.
Mike Sackton: We, if we, if we find it and go North
Mike Sackton: will inevitably come to these, keeps right.
David (he/him): Yeah.
Mike Sackton: And if we then go to, I mean, we're pretty sure that Red Sun watch is not destroyed.
David (he/him): Wait. Do we still need to hit the secret archive first, st then.
Mike Sackton: That's what I'm asking is one plan would be to just go north, go straight to the key.
Mike Sackton: skip the secret archive, go onto the dungeon, crawl, adventure section of the fable.
Mike Sackton: and just assume that look. If we find a keep.
Mike Sackton: cast the sunlight spell, find the vial somehow we'll be able to.
David (he/him): Yeah, like, I feel like the secret
David (he/him): I don't know. I feel like like we don't even know if the well is
David (he/him): exactly a physical thing like
David (he/him): it could be a concept or a metaphor, or a thing that exists in many different places simultaneously, like.
Mike Sackton: Count Vashen kind of implied it was the source, or somehow tied to
Mike Sackton: the clouds. Finish power. Right? Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, it wasn't a single place that it was.
Mike Sackton: So.
Tim Sackton: So.
Mike Sackton: It's.
Tim Sackton: It's just to be clear here from a meta point of view.
Tim Sackton: These are
Tim Sackton: 2 separate adventures you can choose, and both of them have ways for you to succeed. You don't have to do one and then the other.
Tim Sackton: so you can either go explore the like shrouded archive and the twisted bay lore involved in that, or you can go deal with the ruins in amber glow. But you don't have to do one and then the other one.
David (he/him): Kind of that was sort of what I was.
Mike Sackton: In assuming or guessing is that if we go to the keep we could probably
Mike Sackton: find the prism. Well, via.
David (he/him): Like? How many.
Mike Sackton: If we went to the sunlight, to the.
Kate Sackton: Crowded, our coverage.
Mike Sackton: The sharded archive, presumably the secret we'd be asking it is, where is the prism? Well, how do we get to the prism?
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Kate Sackton: And we'd pay the price, and we'd get there.
Mike Sackton: I would vote for going along the Sunset Gate honestly.
David (he/him): Like the Sunset Gate is practical, and it makes more sense, and we're not going to have to like give up parts of ourselves to get there.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, huh.
David S. Kong: Bye.
David (he/him): An archive of every secret that's ever been spoken in the Feywild, like the iceberg there like.
David (he/him): I mean what.
Mike Sackton: Plus our satyr friend might not come with us on the Sunlight Gate quest, because it's basically dragging him into horrible danger.
Kate Sackton: Whereas we could frame ourselves as the protectors of the woman with the suspicious notebook, and take her with us.
Mike Sackton: Does she want to wait? Did she want to go.
Kate Sackton: She wanted to go. She kept hinting heavily that she wanted to go to Emmerglobe, but.
Mike Sackton: Now.
Kate Sackton: Dangerous.
Mike Sackton: Oh, well, perfect! But we could break a fake companion either way.
Kate Sackton: Right. I'm just a little nervous that
Kate Sackton: she's like. The one thing she did that was suspicious in my mind was that she was like.
Kate Sackton: I'm gonna hang around your group and listen to everything you say and take notes. That's okay, right?
Kate Sackton: And I was like, why did? She's a spy of some sort, like No.
Mike Sackton: So I would personally vote for the Sunset Gate. But, like I'm not.
Kate Sackton: I like.
Tim Sackton: Keep in mind. You might also fail at one of these quests, and then have to go. Do the other one.
Kate Sackton: I like the sunset gate tubes, I, liking Bobby's friend better.
Mike Sackton: I do like the satyr better than the suspicious book person. No, if you guys really want to do the shrouded archive, I'm happy that way, too.
Kate Sackton: I mean, if we solve all the problems of the Feywild by restoring the cloud Spinner and Ampiglobe, then we can go to the shrouded archive and ask it something else.
David (he/him): This is true, this is true now that we know there is a shrouded archive to go to
David (he/him): that can.
David S. Kong: List.
David (he/him): That can become a side quest. It doesn't have to be the main quest.
David (he/him): You gotta explore the entire dungeon. This is how it always is.
David (he/him): Shall we try to convince the Seder to come with us to the keeps, or
David (he/him): give up on that? And
Mike Sackton: My plan was to spend my
Mike Sackton: 2 days, or whatever it is, telling stories right.
Kate Sackton: -
Mike Sackton: Can't leave yet, because Della's stuck and then beg
Mike Sackton: mount transport. We need a way to move faster.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Right. I want to ask Lord Sovin
Mike Sackton: if he can spare. I don't know. Flying horses would be great.
Kate Sackton: Really big grapes that weren't juiced out of one end and create hydropower.
Mike Sackton: I mean, Waria had like a flying golden stag, right like I mean.
David (he/him): Do we.
Mike Sackton: If not, at least something that's a little faster than.
David (he/him): Like in the mirror.
Mike Sackton: Hmm.
David (he/him): Do we still have a Wyvern in the mirror?
David S. Kong: We do?
Tim Sackton: You do.
David (he/him): Well, Welby's a really really good animal trainer, and if I've got a couple of days.
Kate Sackton: Oh, shit like.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David (he/him): Oh, she.
Mike Sackton: Whoever's gonna like kill somebody, and then you're gonna be they're gonna be mad.
David (he/him): I'm gonna.
David S. Kong: Animal, trainer.
David (he/him): I'm gonna give the.
Mike Sackton: I did. I skipped over that right like, you know.
David (he/him): Everyone's gonna have this wine. It's gonna forget. It's like angry past.
Mike Sackton: That's a great idea. We should try that. Feed the Wyvern, the forgetful one. See what happens.
David (he/him): It's gonna just get like it, like super chill. We just need to smoke this woman out
David (he/him): cool.
Mike Sackton: If it gets out of hand we can have the Arendelle go fight it right, because he's clearly the better warrior than dealt with, so it should be his job to kill the withd.
David (he/him): No one's gonna kill my baby. I'm gonna take very good care of this wolverine.
Tim Sackton: You've got a lot of things. You've got a lot of stuff in the mirror that you haven't dealt with.
Mike Sackton: What else do we have in the mirror.
Tim Sackton: You have all the cleanse to our oh, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Now, under riswin's control.
Mike Sackton: Right. That's true.
David (he/him): Spoon.
David (he/him): I'm your future problems.
Tim Sackton: And you have
Mike Sackton: Homecoming.
Tim Sackton: Mage when you gotta have got an Ersk an Earth skin maid.
Mike Sackton: Wait. We have an Erskine mage.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
David (he/him): Who's the earth?
Mike Sackton: Who's the Urskin page.
Tim Sackton: Akinzle, mage and messenger track right right right in 96.
Mike Sackton: Right? Right? Right? Right? Right? When we were when we were
Mike Sackton: the the guy, one of the people who was okay, sure.
Tim Sackton: Negotiate with.
Mike Sackton: I forgot it.
Mike Sackton: The vampire, when we burst it on the negotiation to the vampire just started messing everything up.
Mike Sackton: We? We sucked one of their mages into the mirror. I think we had a plan that we then forgot about.
Tim Sackton: You've got the hobgoblin wizard.
Mike Sackton: I really think we had a purpose beyond
Mike Sackton: just oh, I feel bad about that one. I think he probably wants to go home to his family, or something.
Kate Sackton: Sure.
Tim Sackton: To sell people out, to.
Mike Sackton: He was trying to sell people out to a vampire. So like, okay, let's not feel too bad.
Mike Sackton: Maybe, to make a pact between the vampire and yes.
Tim Sackton: Earth can sell out the rest of earth.
Mike Sackton: Right and.
Tim Sackton: Poison troll now rules shadowkeep so yes.
Tim Sackton: ruins or shadow keep, I should say.
Mike Sackton: If Welby wants to spend a day training a Wyvern, I'm still gonna ask.
David S. Kong: Oh, yeah.
Mike Sackton: For some.
David S. Kong: Here for.
Mike Sackton: And you might ask permission before you train that. Do this.
David S. Kong: Permission? From what?
David (he/him): Yeah, for I mean, from like the the ruler, the
David (he/him): the guy with the antlers. Yeah. Well, and maybe help too, like, maybe they? This would be a grand adventure for them.
Mike Sackton: I'm not sure they're like a big fan of grand adventure here.
David (he/him): This would be a this would be a a chill party for them.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, well, you do. Welby.
Tim Sackton: Worms are only large, so they could at best carry, you know Welby, and 2 Dwarves, or Welby, and one other person.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, we need other amounts. I'm still gonna ask where it's sovereign for amount. But.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Or several like when there's.
Mike Sackton: Me an opportunity amongst the storytelling. I will.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I actually wanna ask him 2 things if there's an opportunity. First, st you know, some point don't need to play it out, but the you know, I hope you enjoyed my duel, and you know, blah blah! And at some point, 1st of all ask them, is this like foolishly suicidal to go
Mike Sackton: along the Sunset Gate like, how do we get to the Sunset Gate in your realm? And is it like super dangerous. And to, you know, hey, any chance? We could have some mounts?
Mike Sackton: Okay, that's okay.
Kate Sackton: I was in Kenza. Soul site the like book, lady. Why am I like agonizing over whether she's duplicitous when we just have a conversation about traveling to the Sunset Gate and see if
Kate Sackton: yeah, what's her deal?
Kate Sackton: Your deal is.
Tim Sackton: Make a make an inside check somebody, roll a d. 20 plus 9.
David S. Kong: Schwartz.
David (he/him): Yeah, I got you oops. Sorry.
David (he/him): 16. Only.
Mike Sackton: And.
David (he/him): Inspiration.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Yes.
David (he/him): Do you want to reroll, or A. D. 12.
Tim Sackton: Just add the d. 12. That'll probably be fine.
Tim Sackton: 2D. 12. Keep highest.
Mike Sackton: Well, 1228.
David S. Kong: Nice. There we go!
Tim Sackton: The headphones keep dying. I mean.
Tim Sackton: like the way she's talking, you know. You're listening on the Kenza sort of on the edge of the conversation as she's talking to Riswin and sort of talking about
Tim Sackton: you know, she seems genuinely curious.
David S. Kong: That's good.
Tim Sackton: Which, of course, could be the phenotype of a spy.
David S. Kong: And.
Tim Sackton: Way she talks about gleam water, though. Definitely. Seems like I mean it very much. Seems like she's
Tim Sackton: telling the truth about where she's from
Tim Sackton: right like she. She tells stories about this place. It's like a a, you know, a realm of golden. It's much like it makes. She makes that sound like it's much more urban than these, like Feywild realms that you've heard of, or you've been to right. It's like
Tim Sackton: a land of golden canals and floating gardens and drifting gondolas where boats glide effortlessly over crystal, clear pools that reflect the noontime sky. It's far to the west of here. It's I mean. It's not technically impossible that she's like a spy for harrow or wind, but it would be pretty
Tim Sackton: hard to imagine how somebody who grew up in glean water which everything you can tell from
Tim Sackton: what she's described and what's written in the lore of the Feywild is a pretty nice place like
Tim Sackton: it's not. There's not any obvious way or non-obvious way that you can think of that a
Tim Sackton: scholar from Gleamwater would turn out to be a spy from hollow, dark, or something like that.
David S. Kong: I can also sense the truth.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah.
Tim Sackton: from your beast. My initiation. Yeah. I mean, certainly telling the truth about where she comes from. Right? Like
Tim Sackton: this story.
David S. Kong: I can tell exactly which parts were embellished or false in anything she's talking about. So what's the.
Tim Sackton: She's pretty. She's pretty straight, actually she doesn't. She doesn't embellish much. She's
Tim Sackton: She writes everything down, although she doesn't. Now that you're watching. She doesn't use pen and ink. She just sort of traces with her fingers, and words appear in her book, and then she'll draw them out again, and they turn into images.
Tim Sackton: But she's she seems pretty straight, actually, compared to most Faye, like she's very
Tim Sackton: The vibe is like she's basically like a scholar of mundane world. She's like Ulf Ulfgar.
Tim Sackton: He's like writing a treatise on the material plane.
David S. Kong: Okay. Good.
Mike Sackton: All right.
David S. Kong: Communicate that to everyone.
Kate Sackton: Awesome.
Kate Sackton: But now that I remember, you're so good. At this second.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so
Tim Sackton: okay, so what do we? What do we still want to do? I want to end the session when you leave the party.
Mike Sackton: I think
Mike Sackton: the only thing I still have to do I still want to do is just resolve that conversation with Lord Zoran.
Tim Sackton: What do you wanna are you gonna try and convince
Tim Sackton: Belarus, the satyr to come? Are you going to invite Ismara to come?
Tim Sackton: You want both of them traveling with you.
Mike Sackton: I was gonna leave. The decision I mean dealt with is happy for one or both of them to come. But I was gonna leave the actual decision to Wellbe and Rizwyn their sort of direct buddies.
Mike Sackton: But I would, I would say, maybe.
Mike Sackton: try for both, and see who agrees.
Kate Sackton: That's kind of what I was thinking. Just see which one sticks.
Kate Sackton: We take 2 shots.
Tim Sackton: Anything that
Tim Sackton: else that Kenzo, or risen, wants to do at the party before Bobby is going to try and train a Wyvern, so we'll wait for Schwartz to get back in a couple minutes.
David S. Kong: I was gonna watch that.
Tim Sackton: Okay, Kenzo is gonna be the base
Tim Sackton: like dodges out of the way, and then.
David S. Kong: No, no, no, no, no bait, no bait. Kenza's just gonna watch gleefully.
Kate Sackton: All right.
David S. Kong: Whatever happens.
Tim Sackton: I don't think a Wyvern could really hurt Kenzo at this stage of your life.
David S. Kong: Yeah. Yeah. But I'm not gonna be bait. I'm not like, I'm not there to help.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you're just there.
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
David S. Kong: I mean, if things go horribly off the rails, maybe I'll help. But I'm there for the entertainment.
Tim Sackton: Okay,
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: I'll wait for Schwarz to get back to do that. So let's let's do. This doesn't happen in the sequence that I'm going to run them. But
Kate Sackton: I'll see if I can get count fashion, some clean clothes.
Tim Sackton: Okay?
Tim Sackton: yeah, you. I mean you. As you spend more time at the party, you get this, you sort of get the sense that
Tim Sackton: it's not that the it's not that the wine, necessarily, like
Tim Sackton: other people, are drinking wine, and not everybody forgets. But the people like the people who are sort of clearly like, really overindulgent. Do it because eventually it wears away at your memories. But it takes time right? It's not an immediate effect.
Tim Sackton: The.
Tim Sackton: So you ask as Mara of Gleamwater if she will come with you.
Tim Sackton: She says. Well, I'm certainly traveling as far as the Sunset Gate.
Tim Sackton: let's see how it goes.
Tim Sackton: It's turning north from there is a little dangerous.
Tim Sackton: But, as I said, interesting tales,
Tim Sackton: Are you sure that you can keep us safe. I'm not
Tim Sackton: likely to be of much use against the minions of heroin. Wend. To be honest.
Kate Sackton: Really want to confess our record for protecting faith.
Mike Sackton: Well, it'll be fine the last day we tried to protect us. Totally, not dead.
Mike Sackton: No, it'll be fine. It'll be fine.
Kate Sackton: Well.
Mike Sackton: We'll take, we'll just take it more seriously.
Kate Sackton: Does she have a mount? Does she have a travel strategy? She just gets everywhere by walking.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Well, she she came. She came from
Tim Sackton: Everlades bloom. So she came on a barge down the river.
Tim Sackton: and from there she came through the
Tim Sackton: the chance Weaver's Court, through Fortunes rest, and from there gleamwater.
Tim Sackton: So she's mostly she's traveled often by boat actually to get here. She's sort of bounced from river system to river system. A little bit he has. She does not have a plan yet for how she will
Tim Sackton: get to the Sunset Gate.
Tim Sackton: Although again you know distance.
Tim Sackton: distance in the playwhile. It's strange, right? But yes, mouse would be useful.
Tim Sackton: So you talk to Lord Sovin.
Tim Sackton: He, you know he's.
Tim Sackton: you know. He doesn't say it's a terrible idea, he, you know. He says you came close to beating Arendelle, which you have done.
Tim Sackton: You know you're quite skilled, and you know he's looking over it.
Tim Sackton: Welby's succeeded or failed. Attempt to train a liver, and we'll find out in a moment. But either way it was impressive.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: and then he looks over at at Rizwan, and you carry
Tim Sackton: quite a lot of power with you, so I doubt
Tim Sackton: you are more prepared for such a journey than
Tim Sackton: most others who have ever passed through my court.
Tim Sackton: Tis not to say it will be simple or easy.
Mike Sackton: Of course nothing is.
Tim Sackton: As for mounts.
Tim Sackton: I can.
Tim Sackton: I will ask.
Tim Sackton: I can certainly provide you mounts who can carry you to the borders of my realms.
Tim Sackton: whether they take you beyond or not is up to you to convince them.
Tim Sackton: Okay, let's cut back to Welby, trying to train a Wyvern.
Tim Sackton: This is not easy.
David (he/him): No.
Tim Sackton: Go ahead and make an animal handling check.
David (he/him): I was just looking at the the description from D and D beyond, and one of the headings is aggressive and reckless.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
David (he/him): So okay, so we've got animal handling. We got bardic inspiration.
David (he/him): We got animal telepathy, too, so I can be talking with this animal as as well as trying to train it.
David S. Kong: Oh, and Schwartz, or Welby. Kenzo is also there, but just to watch.
David (he/him): That's not not gonna help just.
David S. Kong: Bring it all of this through state one.
David (he/him): I can. You do like some, like some monkish, like calming the spirit of the animal.
David S. Kong: Maybe. Yeah, I could potentially do that. But I'm not going to.
Mike Sackton: It would take away from Welby's journey.
David (he/him): I think.
Kate Sackton: Will there be any savings, though, did I? Less will be.
David (he/him): It's really this is like a gift to me not to not to involve yourself.
Mike Sackton: It. It really is. Yeah, like, I mean, we wouldn't want to.
David S. Kong: If things go really off the rails. Kenzo's there, but he's there primarily for entertainment, secondarily, to be abuse.
David (he/him): Alright. So that's a 25 as an opening gambit.
David (he/him): How was how was that?
David (he/him): What? How hard, is hard? Here is really what I'm.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: okay, you're trying to. Here's what you're the way I see it. What you're trying to accomplish. The 1st thing you need to do is just calm down the Wyvern enough so that it doesn't immediately attack you
Tim Sackton: when you, when you release it from the mirror.
Tim Sackton: and also doesn't immediately just fly off, although you can chase that. You're you're a pretty good flyer.
Tim Sackton: So that's the 1st step.
Tim Sackton: The second step after that is somehow convincing it to let you approach without attacking.
Tim Sackton: and if you manage to do both of those things.
Tim Sackton: the hardest part is letting it mount you.
Tim Sackton: letting you mount that it, letting you mount that.
David (he/him): Yeah, I think in an ideal world I also would like to train it to go back into the mirror again when it's done.
David (he/him): But we'll.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David (he/him): We save that for the end.
Tim Sackton: So you've got you 25 is enough to to get it. You know
Tim Sackton: it emerges. It's a large, it's large. It looks dragon-like, but it's distinguished from regular dragons because it's got this poisonous stinger on its tail.
Tim Sackton: And it also just has hind limbs and wings. It doesn't have forelimbs
Tim Sackton: or it has very short forelimbs, sort of like more like bat-like than
Tim Sackton: So it's it's perched. It's roaring up. It's got its sort of looming over you. It's it's maybe
Tim Sackton: 1520 feet tall, with its wings spread, seeming, and you're
Tim Sackton: 3 and a half feet tall, but like, just
Tim Sackton: calmly, you've got it to sit there, and it's kind of looking at you looking around. You've got plenty of food to feed it.
Tim Sackton: It's not immediately flying off. It doesn't seem close to letting you approach.
David (he/him): There's lots of. There's lots of food, and there's like a big giant like horse feeder tub of of wine from the river right.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so it's drinking the wine. You've got it to drink the wine. You can try and approach.
David (he/him): All right. Here's I'm gonna roll to try and approach
David (he/him): 23. I feel like I really don't want to get eaten. I'm gonna use my.
Tim Sackton: Heroic inspiration to reroll that.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David (he/him): That's a natural 20.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Nice.
Tim Sackton: You walk forward, and it's lapping up the wine, and it's sort of growls, and it looks at you, and it sort of backs off a little bit, you know, as you're holding out food to it, it lets you approach enough that you can sort of hold your hand up, and it sort of sniffs at your hand a little bit, and looks.
Tim Sackton: roars, and then sort of looks down at you, and and sort of, you know, bats its head around sort of almost tries to nudge you a little bit. You know one of its eyes is like almost the size of your head. Right? I mean, this is a big creature.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. So you touch its neck.
David (he/him): And I'll like
David (he/him): I'll bob back and forth. I'll try to think of like what what do Parent Wyverns do to parent their
David S. Kong: Young Wyverns. Probably I don't know like I'll scratch it under the chin, or something treats, treats.
David (he/him): Yeah.
David S. Kong: Food, Motivated.
David (he/him): I'll exactly. I'll I'll I'll toss it more foods and
David (he/him): say, lots of reassuring things. So in the animal telepathy I'm like communicating in like wuvering. Speak.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean, they're not. They're they're, you know, about as intelligent as maybe like sort of in between dog and great ape. Basically.
David (he/him): Alright, yeah, that's enough to communicate.
Tim Sackton: Oh, it's something right. I mean, this is, this is more intelligent than the like.
Tim Sackton: you know. Random rats, you or you know things like that. You pull out of your hat.
David (he/him): Yeah, so like lots of lots of positive reinforcement and soothing and all of that. And I think I'll come.
David (he/him): I imagine, too. This is like the 1st pass, and then I spend the next day like doing all of this over.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, this is like, you know, this is, yeah.
David (he/him): But I'll I'm gonna come over and and see if it'll let me climb on.
Tim Sackton: Okay. The hardest of the checks.
David (he/him): And for this one I'm going to add bardic inspiration.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David (he/him): And that's 35. With bardic inspiration.
Tim Sackton: Okay, it. It goes to snap at you briefly like.
Tim Sackton: but then sort of pulls back and turns and starts drinking more wine.
Tim Sackton: and while it's distracted you manage to sneak up and
Tim Sackton: grab its neck and pull yourself up, and it bucks.
Tim Sackton: tries to throw you off. Make a dexterity, saving, throw.
David (he/him): Eric said, what 28.
Tim Sackton: Hold on for a couple of minutes.
Tim Sackton: as it realizes, and then slowly begins to calm down, and everybody looks and sees this tiny halfling
Tim Sackton: on the neck of a 15 foot long, Wyvern, with a 20 foot wingspan.
Tim Sackton: which is now kind of slowly, just kind of getting used to the halfling on its back.
David (he/him): I'll say down to Kenza like Kenza. I don't. I don't do anything too loud to frighten him, but.
David S. Kong: I love this Wyvern, and he is my baby forever
David S. Kong: giving a slow clap, is very impressed. How big is the Wyvern can, like multiple people ride it like, what's the deal? What's what's the.
Tim Sackton: Well, it's fairly big, but most of it is tail and wings.
Tim Sackton: So you can fit like one like Welby, plus one other person. Basically.
David S. Kong: Alright kenzilla.
David (he/him): Come on! Up!
David S. Kong: Yeah, let's let's do this.
David S. Kong: Kenzel will will will like move with as much grace as possible. And
David S. Kong: And yeah, try to hop on.
Tim Sackton: Okay, make
Tim Sackton: Actually, Welby, make a animal handling check.
David (he/him): Yup!
Tim Sackton: And Kenzo make an acrobatics, check.
David (he/him): Bad rolls 23.
Tim Sackton: Acrobatics.
David S. Kong: 23.
Tim Sackton: Oh, okay, well, Welby doesn't completely keep it under control. It starts to sort of rear.
Tim Sackton: rear up a little bit, and it like flaps its wings like this like trying to push Kenzo off. But you're graceful enough. You just kind of manage to flip up onto its back.
Tim Sackton: and then, once you're sitting next to Welby. It kind of calms down.
David S. Kong: I. I introduced the Wyvern, I, said, Wyvern Kenzo Kenzo Wyvern, Kenzo Kenzo.
David S. Kong: So Kenza gives a formal greeting and also an aura greeting
Tim Sackton: It's I mean, it's letting you.
Tim Sackton: It's letting you ride it. And Welby is extremely good at taming animals. But this is not like a tamed map right like.
Tim Sackton: get into a combat with it. It's 50 50 chance whether it attacks you or the enemies.
David S. Kong: Kenzo's on full alert, and is aware of the capriciousness of the situation. But it's also like pretty pretty pretty stoked. Let's.
David (he/him): Let's go flying.
Tim Sackton: It launches into the air, and a bunch of Faye turn and look as a wyvern.
Tim Sackton: the probably the 1st tamed Wyvern ever to fly. The skies of Emberwine soars above Sunwine Hall.
David S. Kong: As we're flying Kendall's like. Why didn't you do this earlier?
David (he/him): We were a little bit busy.
David (he/him): We I guess we were. But this is pretty awesome.
David (he/him): I feel like this is the 1st just free day, like where the.
David S. Kong: Personal.
David (he/him): One thing that needed doing.
David S. Kong: We've had a pretty packed calendar. You make a good point.
David S. Kong: Good point. It's been pretty relentless Orcs undead licks.
David S. Kong: A lot of things on the on the computer.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David (he/him): Artifacts of unimaginable power.
David (he/him): Hidden islands. Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Could have been a fun activity when we were trapped in the prison for like a few days.
Kate Sackton: But you couldn't have flown.
David (he/him): It's true, true.
Tim Sackton: So over the course of the next couple of days, while Dalwith tells stories and regales the court
Tim Sackton: Kenzo and and Seeker, or Kenzo and Welby fly on a Wyvern and Welby you spend like some a fair bit of time over the next couple of days, like reinforcing the lessons, and again, like
Tim Sackton: you know.
Tim Sackton: you can't exactly train it to go back in the mirror. But it's really bad at charisma. Saving throws so.
David (he/him): Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Like, you can basically just send it back in the mirror at will. And
Tim Sackton: again, it's like, it's not. It's not a mount that you really control. Right? So
Tim Sackton: if it gets into combat, who knows what it'll do? And if it takes damage, it might just choose to fly off
Tim Sackton: with or without you, but it is.
Tim Sackton: It is willing to let you ride it.
Tim Sackton: So you're pretty consistently able to.
Tim Sackton: you know. Get it to go where you want to go, and
Tim Sackton: at least mostly get it to go where you want to go.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it's good.
Tim Sackton: Telepathy only lasts an hour a day, so. Oh, no animal. That's beast. Animal telepathy is perfect. Okay? So with, it's intelligent enough, with telepathy that you can sort of communicate with it. And you know.
Tim Sackton: Get it to go where you want it to go with that.
Tim Sackton: okay. And are you? You're asking Valeris if he wants to come too.
Tim Sackton: or the Satyr.
David (he/him): Yes.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: I mean, he's game, you know.
Tim Sackton: Anything to get out of here.
Tim Sackton: Just don't let me die, please.
David (he/him): You know what?
David (he/him): We have a pretty good track record.
Tim Sackton: How many of your companions have died under your care?
David (he/him): I feel like it's single digit numbers, I mean, like setting aside like sieges of cities, and like armies and stuff like that, like like direct, like friends. Friends is. It's single digit, right?
Mike Sackton: I mean, do you count the ones who died? And then we raised from the dead, or just the ones who permanently died?
Kate Sackton: I was just gonna.
David (he/him): It's just the permanent ones.
Mike Sackton: Though very, very, very few like like like like almost none like practically none.
David (he/him): Right, right? And I'll say to the center, like you think of death in such a binary way, and like he's died, he's died like they're they're fine.
Tim Sackton: You died.
David S. Kong: Many times.
David (he/him): Think, so, yeah.
Mike Sackton: No. Welby died. Right grash killed Welby.
David (he/him): Oh, that's right. Yeah, it does.
David S. Kong: We've all died.
David (he/him): You never remember that.
Mike Sackton: Never died.
Tim Sackton: Riswind never died.
Mike Sackton: And Rizma's. Never the dwarves. Dwarves don't die.
Mike Sackton: The rest of us.
Tim Sackton: I'm surprised. Seekers never died. He's like.
Kate Sackton: That's their balance.
David S. Kong: He's got.
Tim Sackton: Come close very quick. A lot.
Mike Sackton: Well, he's been very unconscious. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Been unconscious, but I don't think he's actually died.
Mike Sackton: He's never! I don't.
David (he/him): Feel better.
David S. Kong: Whereas.
Kate Sackton: About getting possessed like the rest of us. We're not so much into that. But right.
Mike Sackton: No seeker just loses his mind.
Tim Sackton: He is more in the possession than the death.
Tim Sackton: he's like, okay, fine. I mean.
Tim Sackton: I've never tried. Wait. Did you tell it? You didn't really tell him what you were doing right? You just told. Sure. Let's do it.
Tim Sackton: I've always wanted to see the Sunset Gate anyway.
David S. Kong: There you go! That's the spirit.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so as you leave, and we'll end here as you leave Sunwine Hall.
Mike Sackton: Last story dealt with tells is going to be an epic tale of Welby taming a Wyvern.
Kate Sackton: But.
Tim Sackton: You leave Sunwine Hall Welby and Kenzo mounted on a weirn the rest of you on
Tim Sackton: griffins lent by grace of Lord Sovin
Tim Sackton: and up to them, if they want to follow you beyond the borders of Emberwine, but they are charged by
Tim Sackton: Lord Sovin to fly at least as far as the edge of his realm bearing you. They are. So I mean, Griffin's
Tim Sackton: just double check.
Tim Sackton: they're not particularly bigger than horses. So it's basically one per person and while I describe these as griffins, they're sort of not typical of the way you might, people typically imagine griffins right? I mean, they're griffins, are people, you know, griffins are not uncommon on the material plane like.
Tim Sackton: and they're not necessarily fay creatures right like they're these these, though, are, you know, perhaps slightly more intelligent than the average griffin. Not pure beasts. They've got like a, you know, maybe on the same level as the Wyvern. Right? And they are
Tim Sackton: rather than you know. Normally you think of a Wyvern as something like a cross between an eagle and a lion or something like this, but these are, they guess, like a bird of paradise, or a peacock, or something like that? Right? They have long screaming feathers.
Tim Sackton: yeah, multicolored. You know, patterns in there.
Tim Sackton: in their in their wings and their feathers much more ornamented than you would typically think of a Wyvern as being right like they're almost like.
Kate Sackton: Pretty grippens.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, they're pretty, and they're sort of less fearsome looking, maybe. Although still have. You know, the the
Tim Sackton: the sort of lower body of a big cat and the sort of claws. But again, it's like, you know, a tiger, not a lion, right? It's like patterned or leopards like spots, and patterned fur, much more sort of colorful and pretty, and lots of sort of reds and golds and greens in their in their color pattern.
Tim Sackton: Ha-em, and so we'll end as you leap into the sky.
Tim Sackton: On, let's see with to Faye traveling with you.
Tim Sackton: 2 of you riding a Wyvern
Tim Sackton: and 5 of these colorful griffins flying after with rizwin seeker dealt with Valeris of
Tim Sackton: Emberwine and Ismara of Gleamwater, and we will pick up on the journey to Amber Glow. Next time.
David (he/him): We'll see.
David S. Kong: What's our next merge thing?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, so let's.